{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red213\green219\blue206;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be wrong if there\u8217\'92s two of us! - redditors.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Make ten threats and the opponent will blunder.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That feeling of thinking your the messiah. Stories of that person running through the head. It resonates so deeply you start to think that you could do the same.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Producer aand consumer of elite craft goods.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4PVVVNr620"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4PVVVNr620}}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Need to describe Drissel, not Jeket here. }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A world\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s geography defines the course of it\u8217\'92s history. What events might not have occurred, what civilizations might history have gained or lost if a valley had instead been a mountain, or an wide inlet instead a barrier island.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0  Mankind burrows the earth. Soil erosion like that canyon in georgia. They imported this vine from the empire, called shandri. But it grew unchecked. Swallowed up the plain. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If an individual wanted their slave to be cruxified, it was a service a crxifiction team could apply for a fee. - tablet detailing the process placed in public square so people would think twice about disobeying masters.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  The smallest twig will accumulate a hump in its lee. It is how the mega dunes began.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ethnic based gangs a\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92la NYC. POor from other countries are brought to be worker bees, form gangs. Ayramun is all ethnics.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo comes off as nice guy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle like, bullo seems nice moteah}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah is like hiss, Bullo\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s raped more women and killed more men than small army. Hes a devil.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Machete covered in blood and hair}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ears set low on the head.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skinny girl made fun of for being skinny by fatty }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93At least I know I\u8217\'92ve got a spine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You catch more flies with honey than vinegar}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Call a smoke a dart}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The way they talk, don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like to open mouths too wide. Like too cold in the north, or too sandy. How that affects the accent. The r\u8217\'92s are closed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not aggressive}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not aggression? Takin\u8217\'92gs someone\u8217\'92s life with a knife is not aggressive?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Asserting yourself}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Asserting yourself? Is that what you.. I didnt hear, is that what you said? Asserting yourself?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Do you think your a fair person?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I was. But I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m a monster now.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Because of this?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thats the label you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve given yourself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well I told my dad earlier. I mean human are monsters.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wait, your trying to get with seculla?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Get with? I wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t put it so bluntly}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 SHe likes holes not poles.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shes a lesbian?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ahhh fuck}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Srry kid.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On the senat floor;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m driven with a mission from God. God would tell me, George, go and fight those terrorists in Afghanistan.\u8217\'92 And Idid; and then God would tell me \u8216\'91George, go and end the tyranny in Iraq\u8230\'85\u8217\'92 And I did. And now again, I feel God\u8217\'92s words comign to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Boudica: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91God, please stop speakign to George.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Deatil how to get at a still-beating heart. See mayan: through the diaphram, so the bones dont get in the way.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentatonic_scale"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 pentatonic}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~flute crafted from a child's\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Femur"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 femur}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Both Sahag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u250\'FAn and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toribio_de_Benavente_Motolinia"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Toribio de Benavente}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~(also called "Motolin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u237\'EDa") observed that the Aztecs gladly parted with everything. Even the "stage" for human sacrifice, the massive temple-pyramids, was an offering mound: crammed with the land's finest art, treasure and victims, then buried underneath for the deities. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Starting about 10000 bce, very soon after the final melting of the continental glaciers, though quite slowly at first, people began to adopt a more settled way of life, grouping together in village communities. Crops were planted, herds were corralled, the flora and fauna selectively bred. Into this relatively uniform, mostly undifferentiated, largely homogeneous world, of subsistence farmers and peasant hamlets, the idea of civilization was born: in a single place, at a single time. From there and then the concept spread at remarkable speed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mesopotamian alluvial plain was potentially fertile but had low annual rainfall, requiring that people get together to organize systems of irrigation. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91 Hydraulic civilizations\u8217\'92 - need to control water demande collective action, so stimulating the development of an organizing bureaucracy, which led inevitably, to typical oriental despotic rule. This view no long much respected. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Video of bike crash in bangladesh - dude is surviving on the street having been cut in half.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Deep meanings. True meanigns. What is transient and what is eternal within and outside the self.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Concept of baptism today is just sprinkling water vs. Real baptism is supposed to be a near death experience.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The first civilization - and the origin of writing - began with the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91brand\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With the advent of mass production - of tetiles, ceramics, beverages and processed food, consumers wanted to be assured of the origin and quality. These products were given a mark that uniquely identified their origin and source - lumps of clay as seals. Amulets stamped onto clay. Then cylindrical seals, where the image when rolled is 3 times longer than diameter-harder to copy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Water! - spits it out}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dont worry its safe to drink.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Social classes separate out like coloured inks on blotting-paper.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I also don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think people realize that bears don\u8217\'92t care about killing you. A lion will kill you first. A bear just starts eating. Pass. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Withered fields, skeletal livestock. Locust legs buzzing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hear the words, but don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know if the person speaking them is given to exaggeration, or understatement.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Concerns of racial harmony}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -it is of no concern. When they are paved over and their innards form the road for our horses, it will all be blended together.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The kinds of things that can haunt a person - not even scary things. Death, life, love. Being cdalled a word. Trivial things. Its proof theres no placating the human soul. I thought we were made to suffer, but it comes from within. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lead o refine silver through cupellation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An act of surrender and a reservoir of trust.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Selfish lethargy and impenetrable self-righteousness}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Route only taken by braver souls eager to avoid the customs office at kanesh.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The fate of caravaneers could be serious if caught transporting forbidden goods.  At this time iron was only available from meteorites, and so was a valuable and restricted commodity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***Pyetle is killing Salavan for someone else! Debt repayment to the state.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dogs accompany caravans.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nose-roped cattle.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fisherman with short black hair and beard walks home glumly, though a large fish dangles from the stick over his shoulder. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cylindrical seals as personal identity - everyon has a seal. Idea of every character having a seal. Or seal as a relic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 People really thinking and being creative about what symbol meant what.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pubic triangle representing woman.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 **Passion looks like aggression to the unmotivated**}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 GAR.AMA - first sumerian autograph}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Garama}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bead-rimed bowls}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The streets are strung out either side of a slackly flowing branch of the karkheh river.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Across the street rises the gigantic mound that is the site of the ancient city, bearing at its top the fragmented stone remains of the old king\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s winter capital. Walk around the ruins and you crunch over fragments of brick and pottery that me be as old as 5000 years.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Only the gods can create something from nothing. Humans, all they can do is transform. Nothing is new. Every story is a variation from the first stories Easa told. Or just straight for personal experience.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shrines to martyrs - take away remnants to their bodies.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pilgrims wanted to be immersed in the fith.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Put head in a hole - mournful noise - its pugatory.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Santiago de compastela - body is found by a shepard - build a church on that spot.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So pella was a nearest who was trying to tell the truth about Sol\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship to humanity}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Apophasis:}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 betra"I forgive you for your jealousy, so I won't even mention what a yal it was."   "I will not stoop to mentioning the occasion last winter when our esteemed opponent was found asleep in an alleyway with an empty bottle of vodka still pressed to his lips."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apophasis#cite_note-10"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 10]}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~"I will not make age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit, for political purposes,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Mondale"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 my opponent}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 's youth and inexperience." }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Description of jewel faberche}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dewdrop of diamond.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shrieking pitch of perfection and luxury}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhafWTKdGmk}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd explains that \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91because you were Nearest, you think you knew the spiritual truths? You were just another whore we dangled truths in front of to make you a zealot. Sometimes it backfires and the result is you. You\u8217\'92ve got some strength ill give you that. Usually they just kill themselves so we dont have to hunt them down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Humans }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 were}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  created by Sol. But it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t an act of generosity. You were created to be his slaves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The story priests are told is to engender a rebellious spirit. Not against the empire, against Sol. If you saw yourselves as equals, as deserving of a rightful place, as the same stuff as gods, you might fight back. If you saw yourselves as slaves. Created, designed, specifically to be slaves, then }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To allow debate to go on once you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve made a decision, can only erode determination. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rode with their horses up to their bridles in blood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Refining galina into silver/lead}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvgyv-EhW6w}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scene where mazyd is on pyetle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s back in a fight, whispering instructions. You know what bullo said? Forget all of it.  I want you to focus on the creature\u8217\'92s belly. Only the belly. Just keep stabbing at it. Don\u8217\'92t stop. Ill do the rest.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Their word for \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91anyone\u8217\'92 means, literally, \u8216\'91all the children of noah\u8217\'92. When they want to speak about everyone, no one in particular, they say, \u8216\'91all the children of noah\u8217\'92. THat\u8217\'92s how tightly wound their culture is. We just say \u8216\'91anyone\u8217\'92. Generic. Bland. Abstract. Practical. They\u8217\'92ve got a whole theology bound up in the word.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Woman loses her teeth in pregnancy. small free-loading skeletons will steal calcium from basically anywhere in your body, including your teeth. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bouyancy aides - its taken us 2 days of hard work to mess this up this bad. Had them blown up by women of ill repute and so were born to be hanged, and so couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t drown, and so logically he reasoned that their air must float.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Logic, cause and effect, and the problem of existence, first cause, proves that logic is worthless. Its an illusion. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If they werent being venerated properly, they would allow themselves to be stolen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Catholics tried to first convert cathars, but where a kind heart and sweet words do not do the trick, the stick will prevail.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Massive holocausts - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Kill them all, God knows his own\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Albigensian crusade}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The fact that the Aryans have a common name for night, but not for day (q.v.), is due to the fact that they reckoned by nights. [Weekley] }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Nabataeans used to represent their gods as featureless pillars or blocks. Their most common monuments to the gods, commonly known as "god blocks", involved cutting away the whole top of a hill or cliff face so as to leave only a block behind. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b1\i1 Syzygy}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~definition is - the nearly straight-line configuration of three celestial bodies (such as the sun, moon, and earth during a solar or\~ }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Akehaten - roofless temples to the sun god. Workers had to withstand incredible heat without any shade.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 no killing and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vegetarianism"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 vegetarianism}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~(considering meat to contain substances derived solely from Darkness), being kind and friendly and living in peace with other people.\~ }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Event horizon - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah, back to hell\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No, hell is just a word. The reality is so much worse.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Concept of hell being just true torture obliteration. The horror of which is completely lost on modern life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abatur: from wikipedia.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~He is said to reside on the borderland between the here and the hereafter, at the farthest verge of the Worlds of Light that lies toward the lower regions. Beneath him was originally nothing but a huge void with muddy black water at the bottom, in which his image was reflected }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Settled societies required greater labor than hunter gatherers. SO why? Hunter gatherers lived in equilibrium with their environment, settled required greater and greater exploitation. Skeletons from early farming communities showed changes brought about by many hours of labor required to harvest and process cereals by hand. Their towns were associated with increased rates of disease and vermin. Problems with waste disposal and drainage.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One theory - adoption of farming brought about by establishment of year round settlements. These experienced increase population growth, forcing them to exploit greater amount of resources, before requiring adoption of agriculture to sustain them. All this does is shift debate from \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91why farming\u8217\'92 to \u8216\'91why sedentesim\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^^^Ayram - it all started with the city.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Augustine }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - They physical body is a trap within which the divine spark is caught. Procreation is perpetuating the power of evil. By having sex, producing children, you are trapping into these physical structures, the divine spark. Being thwarted by the physical body - sex, appetite, disease, everything.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Are you so in favor of others sharing the miseries of life? Would you have us drag down any mortal soul and bind him to our labors and privations? The world is no place for the divine soul. The only hope for the soul in man is that it need be awakened and released. For the church in rome, this is too much of a kindness, no, the soul must be burdened with responsibilities, pay priests and bishops to order it around, give confessions to a priest who has more wine, more women, and swears as much or more as himself!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You dont look at icons, icons look at you}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The same word \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91prosopon\u8217\'92 is used for both face and mask }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nobody actually likes anyone else. I mean really likes, when they really get to know them. Only mothers love. And even then, its only some mothers, and some children.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Patton encountering macarthur as young officers on the battlefield.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hes egotistical. Maybe he is. But how would you like to go into battle with a general who has an inferiority complex.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pilgims that carry non believer with them so they can fight back}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cities - I turned them on, cant turn them off.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To me all people are bad}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thats problematic for me}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I know but thats how I view it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes they exhibit a bit of good, but for the most part they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re bad. And that\u8217\'92s it. That\u8217\'92s being human.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not necessarily true. You choose to think that way. That\u8217\'92s a dumb as saying everyone is good and rosy. Right?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I have my view, you have yours.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re an optimist, I\u8217\'92m a pessimist. I\u8217\'92m a realist.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know if that\u8217\'92s being a realist.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hey there you go, you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re being agressive.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m not being aggressive.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re being assertive.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I just made a point. Whether you agree or you disagree, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s on the table whether you accept it or not, thats one thing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Say you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re walking down the street with a laptop, a laptop case. And I try to take it because I want it. Or I need one. What\u8217\'92s your response? Talking about a laptop here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t talk to you and you know that. You\u8217\'92ll try and try and try. I need to talk to my lawyer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scene where Mazyd gloats over defeating soceror - }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THE POWER OF HANDS OVER WORDS. I DO SHIT< YOU SAY SHIT. Practical vs. Theory.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Very handy. LIterally.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92sn\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91handy\u8217\'92 supposed to be literal?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram - you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t knkow what a soul mate is! We were born in the world together! Grand speech about love being thte only thing thats worth it. I\u8217\'92ve laid waste to empires, ive laid with a billion women. One grips my mind.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation where Mandri downplays the effects of the initiaition oath to Pyetle.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dried Caked sand cant absorb water at first, its rock hard.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sheared thunderstorm, where the wind speed up top his higher than down low. Creates circulation, and tornados.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBjr-nvA2Jg}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^^^Tornadic wind field is 6 times larger than condensation funnel.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bands of dust and precipitation hide the road.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dry lightning - lightning but no rainfall}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flash flood in desert conditions}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yCnQuILmsM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Meet a character who died from flash flood}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After a victory. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaa! I love you God! Thank you!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think magic si real. Words are for communication, not to manifest reality.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Blue blood a hint of mazydei.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wet the sand in front of the sled so its easier to pull.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wet sand also forms a kind of finger trap. See: EverGiven ship suez}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Words for color as objects - eg coat of arms (Gules = red = throat)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 High Lakes - high altitude lakes}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THEME: community that tries to escape depravity of society - find that its still with thim}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cristians/ amishs eparating themselves - brutal rape/murders. ETC.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Potential for a cult - children are not allowed. You must choose to join us, be of right sooul. Else the darkness comes from within  the group with new children.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 \~the often-repeated consensus is that people who cheat in life don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t necessarily cheat at golf, but people who cheat at golf invariably cheat in life}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shotput - you would break your hand trying to do it - all the tendons are gone.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Most people think they can\u8217\'92t fold a good plane, but the reality is they havent adjusted a good plane\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Go and survive vietnam}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Get shot in a stickup in harlem.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy mumbles}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Guy, the point of communication is to be understood.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You went to school right? Your a merchant right? You know simple arithemtic?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Division, subtraction, that kind of thing?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got a great problem for measuring whether or not someone is capable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Capble? INtelligent?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well its just a little problem. Doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t take any real training other than arithmetic to figure it out. It takes arithmetic and the slightest }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 smidge}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  of insight. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like tests}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well its simple. Lets say you have one-hundred soldiers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Oh dear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One hundred soldiers- fresh recruits - and One thousand Denars to train them with.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ok.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The recruits can be trained into two different companies. Infantry and Cavalry. Infantry training costs 4 denars. Cavalry costs 12. You with me so far?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One thousand denars. One hundred soldiers. Four. Twelve.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good. So the task is this: What is the maximum number of Cavalry can you train if you have to train all troops under budget.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s that now?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got 1000 Denars. One hundred soldiers to train. Cavalry costs 12. Infantry costs 6.  You need to train all soldiers with that 1000 denars. What is the maximum number of Cavalry you can train?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I might need a little bit with this one.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The answer isnt nearly as impotant as how you get it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In moment of crisis they talk about it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spiders are venomous because its digestion. Once theyve liquified it, they slurp it up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the great gorini once said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Sure\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Road is set for practical reasons - to the left, theres rivers, to the right, theres hills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just so happens to pass right by ancient barrow.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 People would place flintrock tools and then 2000 years later, romans come along with coins. Both respect the nature and spiritual, but the culture and what is valuable changed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 welp, should be interesting. No TM will be interesting too lol. But I've been gone for a while so, idk}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 just follow the kd strategy pls}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 will be ok}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Y\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92all know what 12 is going to do. But he don\u8217\'92t know what we gonna do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If you talk trash to me, if you say anything to me, I take it to a different level.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When you get older, winning becomes a relief as opposed to a cause of celebration.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Little skinny for a mage}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mages get magic from stomach - so usually theyy\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re super fat. Different foods convey different powers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is the opposite of fear? It is knowledge \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91pit of man\u8217\'92s fear, summit of his knowledge\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congenital effects}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - retardation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - mute}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - curved limbs - forearms}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - tumors}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - horns}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - clubfoot}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - huge round pumpkin head}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - pectus excavatum}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - underbite}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - craniosynostosis - oblong head, bulging bug eyes}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - skin condition where it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s constantly peeling - raw - wrapped in silk and then cotton - constant pain}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - autoimmune disease}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - acid bath - from brother}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - microcephaly}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Animal that attacks by vomiting it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach out. Stomach has fangs. Prolapsed stomach.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Many species dine on animals with bones or shells, so little bits can get stuck in the Mucous-y lining of their stomach. Seastar - everts stomach, secretes digestive enzymes which break down the prey into a soupy chowder substance. The stomach is then pulled back into the body and the food is transferred to the pyloric stomach to finish digestion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Psychopathic stare - prelude to self gratification or exercise of power. Not a stare of interest or of empathy. Cold. Detached, Emotionless, icy, intense, piercing, empty, penetrating.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Unblinking stare.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sociopath - crying is for other people, not yourself. To garner empathy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Prison riot - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93anyone that stays in bed is going to get hurt\u8221\'94 - motivation through very real fear.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bee - plant a stinger - release pheremone to let other bees have a target}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - cretures stings person, release pheremone - they have to abandon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Elevated granaries - wooden stands coated with mixture to keep insects out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 48 circle of poles to mark seasons for planting whatnot.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Massive dust devil spinning.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Psychopathy - 2 factors}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Factor 1 - superficial charm, grandiosity, callous, unemotional, fearless dominance, boldness, manipulative, lack of empathy, remorse, guilt, shallow affect, pathological lying }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Factor 2 - social deviance- excitement seeking, parasitic, impulsivity, irresponsiblity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pain comes in waves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Talk about shit. Bullshit is odd. In true human fasion, I will frown and wretch when I see someone else\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shit, but I will admire the length, size and color of my own. People like the smell of their own shit. But everyone else\u8217\'92s they can\u8217\'92t stand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then you have to talk or I have to talk. I get scared when it gets quiet. I was with mother alot, and grandmother, and they would go uptown and see a movie or somethin, and they would always leave me with him. Cause he was either home drunk or with a hangover from bein drunk, and then that was when he would do what he did to me. And I can remember crying and goin to the door and beggin for them not to leave me and they would, every time. I can remember one time I had a girl to spend the night with me, and he did it. And my mother was there, a lot of times.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You think you regressed?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I know I did.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tell me about that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well. To begin with, I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know how I did or when it first started. Because I didn\u8217\'92t realize it when it happened. But, somehow or another, I got the feeling that I would have a better time with younger people. Which I was havin a pretty good time. Until I realized it all had to come to an end. The way I realized that was to get a divorce. I don\u8217\'92think I could be married to a man like him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Why is that?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well he is a hard working man. And when someone makes love to me now, I want them to be affectionate and consoling, not just there to have sexual intercourse. And I have never had that. I think thats why I kind of turned against Dr. Graham. When I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m with him I\u8217\'92ll feel attracted towards him. Then he\u8217\'92ll say somethin that hits me the wrong way and I go to pieces. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Interview with a stick-up guy:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Why didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t you care if someone got killed?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well no one would worry about me if I got killed, so why should I worry about anyone else?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - life has shown over and over that this is true.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The purpose of the deformities is to highlight the deformed nature of man. Our biological selves are insufficient. Not just the physical but the mental. Incapable of being purified. Also to highlight the shit deity. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Natural\u8217\'92 is the enemy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -petit mal epilepsy - short seizures which resemble fainting. Can occur several hundred times per day. General pattern - sudden lapse of conscious during which there is a vacant stare and fluttering of the eyelids. If the patient is doing anything when the attack occurs, there is a momentary cessation, then a continuation of the action, often without the patient being aware of the interruption.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - grand mal epilepsy - deformed nose from many falls. Nose smushed up into his face lik a pigs, but with none of the symmetry.  Period just before the attack, where the patient feels a disturbing sensation known as an \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91aura\u8217\'92. During this period, a definite change from the normal brain rhythm occurs. When the attack begins, the patient usually utters a sharp cry, and whether standing or sitting, suddenly falls. In a typical grand mal attack, marked pallor is followed by deep cyanosis. The body is rigid at first, the tonic spasms of the muscles cause the limbs to jerk in a convulsive movement. The eyes roll upwards or to the side. The pupils dialate, and the facial expression becomes distorted. The convulsions are usually repeated.  The entire seizure may last minutes. THen the patient will usually sleep.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91North slope sensimillia\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s too much. It\u8217\'92s like doing crack when you\u8217\'92re used to smoking reefer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rope makes a swishing sound \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91flossing the sky\u8217\'92.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Friction blisters.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Insalubrious region\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In description of Drissel - open with the mining that suckered the earth and then caused flooding.  Dam that has to be maintained.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Coming into reality that you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re just not as good as someone else - Pyetle is like, I\u8217\'92m old, I get it. You don\u8217\'92t young lad.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In Jeket - mention continental drainage system.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Glass block window}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The water is opaque and brown with peat stain.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 MOteah only has one arm, gammel only has one arm.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Filmed in the dolomites, really beautiful limestone walls and spires, american rockies are just big piles of dirt.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Climbing at noght - live inside bubble of light - easier to get in the zone - you dont think about the abyss}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mantle over the lip - surmount}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sandstone tower - pole}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The shortest route is not the most direct one, but rather the one where the most favorable winds swell our sails}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Religion - you need there to be a struggle that reinforces the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91otherness\u8217\'92- Go out and convert, be loud, get rejected, feel social exclusion everywhere but inside the cloister of the church. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 White phospherous - compound that interacts with air, so you store it in water. Gets into the jaw, causes the jaw to glow in the dark. Gets into the surrounding tissue}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation about hte most reasonable interpretation of the data - ok, you can believe what you want, but you cant disagree with the most reasonable interpretation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Orgone energy sorceror - shoots magic out of the groin - lewd mind}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, \u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s riders out there, why don\u8217\'92t we flee through the Underworld, like earlier?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your time down there must\u8217\'92ve given you the wrong impression about that place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A little cold, but seemed fine. Ayram knows his way around, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What? Come on man. Out with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Saltpeter in the food prevents them from getting boners.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When Ayram punishes one, he punishes all.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Arrow bend - Archer\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s paradox - arrow has to travel around the shaft of the bow - it bends. Wobbles through the air.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Men of resolve vs. Men of opportunity - thieves - men of opportunity can be beat with simple countermeasures.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First language is shit talk}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guys get in a scrap, get broken apart, ayram says, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91no, no, no. Let\u8217\'92s have a proper fight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone in the Ayramun has some physical deformity <<<}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 SEE: Sarah schulman, Conflict is not abuses}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The traumatized person\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sense of their ability to protect themselves has been damaged or destroyed. They feel endagered, even if there is no actual danger in the present, because in the past they have experienced profoundly invasive cruelty and they know it is possible.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85people living in unrecovered trauma often behave in very similar ways to the people who traumatized them. Over and over I have seen traumatized people refuse to hear or engage information that would alter their self-concepts, even in ways that could bring them more happiness and integrity\u8230\'85 the undiscovered traumatized person\u8217\'92s refusal is rooted in a panic that their fragile self cannot bear interrogation; that whatever is keeping them together is not flexible. Perhaps because supremacy in some produces trama in others, they can become mirror images. And of course, many perpetrators were/are victims themselves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The abortion trolley problem. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullies often conceptualize themselves as being under attack when they are the ones originating the pain.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The overstatement of harm as justification for cruelty}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The only reason anyone does anything is because of the prospect that their effort will be passed along.  That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s why you need a secure society. Thats why you need inherited wealth.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gilgamesh, what you seek you\~will never find. For when the Gods created Man\~they\~let death be his lot, eternal life\~they\~withheld. Let your every day be full of joy, love the child that holds your hand, let your wife delight in your embrace, for these alone are the concerns of humanity}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dark hair streked with gold.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dont go ner the dunny: king brownlives in there,, and a king brown\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll kill you, don\u8217\'92t worry about that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Family living out in the desert man, woman, child, fleeing racism from both communities.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hobo signs}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guys get their sense of self-worth from being useful - PYETLE}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 6 arrowhead types - wrought iron}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bodkin - thicker armor}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Needle bodkin - defeat mail}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Barbed - two cutting faces - can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t go through mail or plate, good at going into flesh}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Leaf shape - moderate sized game.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Swallowtail - hunting head - long veins steer arrow in odd directions, never very accurate at long distance. Doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t plug the hole, movement stirs the arrow shaft around works the arrow deeper.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Crescent shaped - hunting, but no idea why. Judo point - keep arrow on the surface, doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t bury itself in the ground.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The thing about shooting in the Sand is that you lose the arrows so easy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Third Man: I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want another murder and you were born to be murdered. So I\u8217\'92m going to lock you up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is some evidence, based on analyses of both clothing represented in art and preserved skin imprint patterns at\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%87atalh%C3%B6y%C3%BCk"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u199\'C7atalh\u246\'F6y\u252\'FCk}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~in Turkey, that the usage of the cilice predates written history. This finding has been mirrored at\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%B6bekli_Tepe"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 G\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u246\'F6bekli Tepe}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , another\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anatolia"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anatolian}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~site, indicating the widespread manufacturing of cilices. Ian Hodder has argued that "self-injuring clothing was an essential component of the Catalh\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u246\'F6y\u252\'FCk culturo-ritual entanglement, representing 'cleansing' and 'lightness'."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy asks stupid question, dude makes fun, guy says engage, don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t make fun, dude says the fact tthat you stated that precludes you from rationl engagmenet.s}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ancient Pirate code requires that you take me to your}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ancient? Honey we just took up ship twelve weeks ago. Hardly ancient.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plumbata - throwing dart}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Balaeric sling}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two lengths of cord, pouch in the middle, grips at the ends, slips a finger into the grip at one end of the cord,uses other fingers to hold the tab at the other end. Released at a flat arc, can reach 100 km/h. Can outrange archers - up to 400 meters}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Staff sling.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tied sling around head/arm/waist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Can use rocks, but manmade projectiles were better. Drill holes into them for whistling}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lead was plentiful byproduct of mining silver.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 People for whom thats what she said jokes are a personality trait}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Graveyards are full of people that were righteous}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Suggestion of a mustache}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <<<<<<< 94236c2e0ddafe84567f3bd5b54ba49bca603351}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is creating a doomstack????}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gold magic to transmute the bodies.======= Unicorn is pure of heart}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_profession"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 legal profession}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~has its origins in ancient\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Greece"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Greece}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Rome"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rome}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . Although in Greece it was forbidden to take payment for pleading the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawsuit"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 cause}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~of another, the rule was widely flouted. After the time of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claudius"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Claudius}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , lawyers (}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 iuris consulti}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ) could practise openly, although their remuneration was limited. A skilled and regulated profession developed gradually during the late Roman Empire and the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_Empire"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Byzantine Empire}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 :\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advocate"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 advocates}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~acquired more status, and a separate class of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Notary"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 notaries}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 tabelliones}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ) appeared}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Merlin:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Youre dressed!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing gets past you Merlin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re supposed to be wearing these.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spiders playing hopscotch.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hunting as practice for war - strategy - lines of approach - lay of the land - etc.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its a great spot for a harbor - the tide would have pushed you nearly right up here having bounced off the english stones, and with the westerly wind you sail straight in.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 King Harold - the king is on his horse which he rides without bridle or halter - the horse is guided by god to a spot which is well nigh the banks of the seven - when he arrives, the horse scratches the ground, and lo and behold a spring bursts forth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spring dries up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Undressed vs dressed stone.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Copper sheathed wooden bucket}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bronze bands.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Alluvial valley sediments set like concrete in the summer, get wet}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Name for dunes - the Sandslants}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Resin mixed w/ vegetable oil - hair gel.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Smear wood with animal fat to keep it from drying out too fast - some wood has a tendency to split as it dries. Kind of a sealant.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ogham alphabet}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kill the last creature of a kind.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, Seculla, the desert is too mysterious. Full of feminine allure. Blank spots on the map, filled with virginal passages, there to be unveiled, exposed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Penetrated.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough imagery out of you, Sob. But yes, penetrated.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 s}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beauty so unimaginable, it can only be real. < Mandrameen poem?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla is Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s muse - she dies - artist has muse killed and becomes listless.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla was a godless heathen, mandrameen prayed to every god there was}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quarry stone from bedrock - split with chisel from natural bed}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re going on talking about stuff, dude can\u8217\'92t get away from how bad the mead is.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I just heard you winging away coming up the hill there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well if it is a castle?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If, if, if , yeah?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know if theres something to find.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The theme of the speech was honor}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Not just for ourselves. But hte brotherhood here that will follow you for the rest of your lives. Its not just you that will be recognized as a champ, its your whole entire family, its your kids. Your aunts your uncles. This is why we play the game.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quicker thn the tip of a whip.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Foggy daze first. Storm vs cannibals.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ringwraiths chase into caves.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo dies, pyetle next. Ayram saves. Pyetle leaves.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fritzled wife. Dual divinity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sealing fish inside butter - potted salmon}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Using stomach as a bag.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dried meats, animal fat, berries. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_vLuMobHCI}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just foggy haze summoned in ambush. Uses storm during cannibal holocost}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ringwraiths show up. Ayramun have already blown load. They flee into the underwold.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conflict as they chase. Pyetle and bullo get cornerned. Bullo gets struck down. Pyetle about to be. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram explodes to save them. As pyetle sees flayed body, gets wierded out. Enlists Generals help to escape. They stumble upon door}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fritzled wife. Dual divinity. Women gets out, ayram is trapped.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Complete control over mind - infinite recursion loop - breaks Mazydei - suckered by dopamine hits into thinking its good.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Engines need 3 things to function - air, fuel, compression, spark (if gas)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Intake - piston moves down and takes in air and fuel}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Compression - piston moves up and compresses mixture}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Power stroke - spark ignites the mixture}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Exhaust stroke - piston moves up getting rid of spent gasses}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Intake valve - outake valve}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tensegrity - scales - engine - }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Balance - scales - heron\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s fountain -  pythagorean siphon/cup}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 False innocence - tortured soul -count of monte cristo}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Remove a column supporting a roof, and theres no longer compression - you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got a zone of tensile stress, where the material above the tunnel is trying to pull away from itself. Many materials react differently to tension that compression, and soil and rock are no different. Soil has lotsofstrength against compression, but none against tension. You can\u8217\'92t make a rope out of soil. It has no tension strength.  So if you build a tunnel in soil, you have to replace the column you removed with some other way to transfer the load of the tension above. Rock does have tensile strength. You could make a rope from it. Rocks have breaks, cracks, jointing. Natural jointing follow specific patterns that can be mapped. Rocks that are whole are called massive. Jointed rocks have no tensile strength- the\u8217\'92ll fall right out.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beer - liquierd bread - 4-8 pints a day.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christians have only themselvess to blame for the rise of postmodernism}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Look at how freely they interpret the bible to make it mean what they want it to mean - e.g. the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8221\'94 in the old testament.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The mind is a delicate thing. Small changes in the psyche can trigger a cascade into unordered chaos, or static crystal. Seizure or catatonic. There is no recovery.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No castle without a well builtin. COlossal engineering effort. Bumbury castle - northumberland - well cut t hrough the doloroite that rock is like steel. They hacked all the way through to get to the water table.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quyre - Choir}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What a cracker, eh? That\u8217\'92s rather fun!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Slings: Serious problems. Get one in the face and it can take all the bones out without any problem at all. It will kill you almost instantly. The gap in the top of the armor, if it gets in through there it will embed itself in the chest. In the roman medical manuals, there are instructions on how to get a sling stone out of a soldier\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s body - using a pair of tongs that push in to grab the stone - have to hold them down because there\u8217\'92s no anaesthetics. 18 meters - 71.5 kmph}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Story of guys under siege - musket fire, old castle. They share stories. Share fear. They all die.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Massive standing stones to  deliniate territory}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Twisted cord impressions on clay pot.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Phil\u8217\'92s got it, don\u8217\'92t ya phil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Too roight, I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t drink water cause you get typhoid.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Water  - wait till the temperture gets right - look until we can see our reflection in the water. Put grain in the water - that sucks out the maltose sugar in the grain. 1-2 gallons a day. Essential drink. Water has been boiled, so its pure to drink. Left overnight - strained off, another brew was made from same mash. 3 brews off 1 msh. Of different strengths. Small beer was what the children drank. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wax-casting with bronze}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - model figurine in wax}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - apply runner system - one pipe to pour bronze in, thin pipe for air to flow out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - once hardened off - apply clay-dung- goathair. loam mixture. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Let it sun dry}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Heat it up, burn the wax out, replace with bronze.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ritual stones - flint work}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just be yourself- courageously refuse to wear a mask? NO! There is no such thing as no mask. Courageously craft the mask that you want!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 These oppressive systems work on apathy. People who give a damn rise into positions of prominence, and they stay there because the rest gave up or never tried.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 PUSH the notion that Salavan went to Ayram in the same straits as Pyetle. That is how he rose to power. He was Ayram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s pawn, but started to shift.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Feel around for slight constrictions in the crack, then stick your fists in and use your thumb as a shim to get a tight jam.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He not going to be able.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There are two kinds of people - those who are in it together, and those who want to go alone - those who just don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think about it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Say something about ultra-runners - harden up the mind - that feeling when you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re biking and you know you can go further but you don\u8217\'92t, because why?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sure, Royalty needs the people and their energy to do anything, but the discontented mob is inevitable. When it isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t at center stage being manipulated into action, the mob prowls at the margins of history\u8217\'92s pages, clamoring for aimless change. It is only when the people\u8217\'92s passions are channeled through a single person, a leader, that they accomplish anything of note.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Templar - travelers deposited money at one church, recieved a  note, and withdrew it at another church - international banking. The fees made templars incredibly wealthy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Philip desired to become the most christian king in europe, and he would stop at nothing to that end. Believes he is the face of christ on earth. He had been borrowing money from the templars to fight the english. Was desperately short of funds. On the verge of bankruptcy. Crusaders had no reason to exist anymore - the templars were vulnerable. Their banks full of crusader cash, and the king knew it. Philip had been devaluing the currency, and that led to an angry mob - chased him into a temple. It was there taht he saw some of the Templar\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s treasure. He decided to neutralize the templars and stirp their assets. Only the pope could legitimately rule the order. THe king needed to destabilize them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rumors about the templars were manipulated by PHillip IV. A kind of poison that Phillip used to damage the order. Then, having smeared their reputation, the king launched a surprise attack, and snagged every templar in Paris (Friday the 13th). The king attacked the secrecy of Templar initiations, suggesting deviant behaviour behind closed doors. Accused of financial corruption, and sodomy. Idolatry, including worshipping a cat - all added up to Heresy. This charge had the power to destroy the temple order.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Clement V - puppet pope to Phillip. His agents sent him many letters accusing him of Heresy - had affair with wife of a French nobleman. Reluctantly, Clement was the kings man. He wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even allowed to go to the Vatican. But CLement managed to turn Phillip\u8217\'92s attack into a papal inquiry. Three cardinals went to Shinon prison - far from retracting confession of heresy, the same leaders repeated confessions to the pope\u8217\'92s men. Most of it related to templar initiation rites - The Latin Rule of the Templars - Kept in house - The initiate was asked if he wanted to be a serf and slave forever. If he consorted with women, he would be put in heavy iron, A psalm was said. TUnic presented. BUt shinon parchment says different - Denounce christ after formal rites. The brotherhood performed the ceremony, then took him aside, in the same chapel, and showed him a crucifix with an effigy of christ, and told him that he should not believe in the crucified, and should, in fact, denounce him. Spitting on the cross. Kiss him on the bottom of the back, then on the navel, then on the mouth. Abstain from women, join themselves with brothers of the order.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually Phillip gave ultimatum - either Dissovle the order, or I will start a breakaway church of France. But templar sites had been emptied before Phillip could raid it. We don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know where it went. Order recieved notice about Phillip\u8217\'92s plan. Boats disappeared. Nothing has been found to this day.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The templars became the super-heros of christianity. Originally a band of nine, their numbers soared. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bernard of clairvo- strong warriors on the one hand, and monks waging war with vice and demons on the other. A body of men who need have no fear. These men have no dread of death, confident that in the sight of the Lord, they would be his martyrs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Torture. The rack was used on young and old. The Strapado - a wench that dropped the bound Templar from a height  and jerked him violently. Bernard\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s feet were rubbed with fat and roasted over a fire until his bones slid out. He didn\u8217\'92t torture them so they told the truth. He tortured them so they told }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 his}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  truth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Relics: sought and fought over, venerated across europe. Famous worldwide as custodians of relics. A templar\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s signature alone was enough to prove a relic\u8217\'92s authenticity.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Blah blah blah, complicated order.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Right, makes sense.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Right, can you explain that back to me so that I understand it?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I had a hard time hitting curveballs when I was younger. They look like they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re coming at my face, I\u8217\'92d back out of the box a little, and it would go right over the plate. Was pretty embarassing. My coach gave me a pep talk. \u8220\'93Just hang in there, Chishiki! When it drops in you can smack the crap out of it.\u8221\'94 My next at bat I hung in there and got a high inside fastball to the face. Thanks, coach.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Brain damage is a small price to pay for a little league OBP over .400 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Black linen mask.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Curses and spells on pots and figurines}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Paint in red ochre - To activate the curse, they smash the pot}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wax figurine thrown in the fire}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Brewer, spindle, loom, butcher, potter, figurine}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They lived on a strategic bend of the nile}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Composite bow - different materials all joined together. Wooden core, inside the curve is horn, glued on to the wood.  -  on the outside of the curve - sinew; Horn added flexibility, }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Warfare - technology allows conquering - an advantage too enticing to pass up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a wind in the underworld - avoid the places with the stale air.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anktifi - exploited power vacuum at the end of hte pyramid age}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I am  the beginning and end of mankind, since nobody like myself existed before, nor will he exist}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Out in the deep desert pyetle sees familiar birds. How they can do this. This must seem near to them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  The smallest twig will accumulate a hump in its lee. It is how the mega dunes began.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Play with different languages}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was struck with the thought that they were breathing the same air. His breath was coming into his lungs. Get real existential with it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert in a sandstorm - you can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see, you can\u8217\'92t breath. Theres a hell of a wind. You know that if you stay still you will be buried in a short time. Sandblasted. You feel you\u8217\'92re being drowned. If it goes on for two or three days, you\u8217\'92re dead and buried.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So hot and dry that the fluids are drained from the body and it becomes mummified.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Burning Gods, bless this stupid man with light.\u8221\'94 Grabs him by the shoulders. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, Pyetle, you\u8217\'92re right. No one - and I do mean no one - cares about you. If you kill yourself tomorrow, the rest of us here will be back in our routines within a month. For me, your memory will bring a pang of ill-humor now and then, but I\u8217\'92ll muddle through. So do it. Kill yourself. But do it in such a way that your corporeal body can be used for something greater. If you hollow out your Being you might even become an instrument for the Divine. Offer your body up as a tool for the Gods if you\u8217\'92ve no more use for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Closter Germin taught this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Gods, man!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Sal released Pyelte. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Life has put you on a path, Pyetle. Unfair as it may be, it does not lead to the Plenitude. I just think you owe it to yourself, this one final}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They feared a senate composed of women who have never fought, never wrestled, never moved a man against  his own will - for that is the function of government - to make men do what they don\u8217\'92t want to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Coach chewing out recruits: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UkRBvZqQUw}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d say out that no one has a more intimate relationship with the Truth than a liar}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . The Truth has a certain shape and weight and feel to it, and you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to play with it to really know you\u8217\'92ve got the genuine article, because on the surface, a lot of lies look just the same. Its like a fake gold statue - looking at it, you might not tell. Convey the metaphor through the object.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Religion that believes in reincarnation - there is a refining of the soul - those whose natures are able to transcend the flesh are purer, and are reborn into the world to refine themselves. As time goes on, society imiproves, because the quality of the soul improves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The more the hermit cuts h himself off from society, the more god reveals to him.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  is most often used when the author causes a character to speak or act erroneously, out of ignorance of some portion of the truth of which the audience is aware. In tragic irony, the audience knows the character is making a mistake, even as the character is making it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The common tongue has no soul. Its a practical thing - its used to communicate. So it changes. Fads and quirks of speech. One discordant note next to another. Old languages, their foundation is stronger - they mean something. They have soul. So they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re the languages of magic.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THey\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re vampires they don\u8217\'92t throw garbage away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THey\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re vampire. That\u8217\'92s their thing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vampires thing is suck bood.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ThI don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know. THey\u8217\'92re highschoolers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^Composition Murders taking place at sacrificial altar.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The gods don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t pay taxes, so why should we?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Life is a constant battle between a desire not to lose and a desire not to think}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen - Money and religion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla - Religions that go after the rich just don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t work. The rich are rich because they don\u8217\'92t give it up. Religion feeds on the poor. Only the poor seek hope, give up their offerings for a better life. Prophets take stands against the rich and powerful, to give the poor a hope of redistribution. Divine and eternal.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skip bayless: Okay my turn. I am going to start with the truest truism i have ever spoken in all my years. There is one man in sports tht I do not bet against, especially when the stakes are highest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^Has his own name tattooed on his chest.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Taunting - hill taunts in all his victories - gets taunted in the big game.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everybody wishes in their next life, they come back as Rob (Gronkowski)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Easiest way to get people to like you is to say nothing. Encourage them to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy with slanted face - when he was born it just started growing in the wrong direction.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We gotta go to work right now. We gotta go to work right now, boy. Right now! We gotta go to work right now!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Watch us swarm, watch us swarm.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Get your face right up in your buddy\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s look him eye to eye, exchange the fire.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dude has a bunch of lucky coins. Just rubs them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Horse giving birth. - the rest are like, we gotta fucking go. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93NO Im staying!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Boom Boom Boom!\u8221\'94 slamming his fist in the air.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Form up! Get a little bounce! }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 England vs. Ireland - systematic destruction of crops, using starvation as a weapon. Allied itself with spain, which was still at war with England. When the spainish tried to intervene, they ended up forcing their allies into a dangerously exposed position, ending up in the most decisive english battle victory of the war. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Turning victory over a violently subdued population into a lasting peace was tricky, and James used the traditional tool: plantation. Ulster was the heartland of O\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92Neill support, and it was the least anglicised, most gaelic region of ireland. Naturally, it was here that the new plantations were sent. In 1609 land confiscated form former rebels and other lords. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mostly though it was scottish protestants fleeing internecine conflict in the scottish highlands that gave the english hold in ulster. THe McDonnal clan.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seilsi speech to the barbarians about why they cannot lie - they are the rock, the foundation upon which civilization rests, the place in which all can take shelter. The city on a hill. THe guiding moral compass in a sea of chaos. <<< this but better.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy cleaning his blade of blood.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You got any kills today? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whats that?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You got any kills today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. I didn\u8217\'92t think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Judicial Murder}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Preaching liscenses - If god doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t pay taxes, why should we?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The normal place for the common people is to endure and to obey.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Little speech by a Kalemite about biggest weakness is biggest strength. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to figure out your weakness, and turn it into a strength. Uses paints as an example. Pyetle\u8217\'92s like, \u8220\'93What if my weakness is just weakness in general.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seilsians can commune with another. Kalemites are impressed by this, as thats the holy grail (their minds can touch - though some see this as a perversion of the Chain)???<<<Instigating action. <<<Before this altercation, Pyetle pledges loyalty and receives the mark. What about the Seilsian? \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92ll be fine. He\u8217\'92s not of human blood.\u8221\'94 <<< foreshadow the fact that Seilsians are immune to the god\u8217\'92s wrath. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Also, MAzd Oro communes with another Seilsian, and that other senses some emotional attachment to Pyetle, suggest severing that link since he is no longer of use.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moment half way through where Pyetle moves from passive to active. From an observer to making plans.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Knives out}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dude who gave this dude a knife. NOt stable.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kalemites - little speil on how art is what they use to communicate - spiel on creativity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Self defence - catholic church was wary of it, on the ground that it was egoistic action, undertaken by a person strictly for his own benefit rather than for that of the community,. As such, it was directly contrary to the divine command of the gospels to turn the other cheek- so that a christian who engaged in it imperilled his immortal self and risked eternal damation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At the same time, though, individual self-defence was held to be permitted instead by natural law, which recognised a fundamental right of self-preservation as a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91naturl\u8217\'92 or instinctive feature of the human species. Strictly speaking, states hd a natural-law right of self-defence tooo, against aggressors.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Because of its status as natural-law right, no permission required from any higher authority for its exercise. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was held by John of Legnano that heavenly bodies possessed no right of self-defence, apparently because they were not \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91receptive of foreign impressions\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 self -defense was seen as an exercise of a primeval right of survival under any and all conditions - a right possessed by wrongdoers as well as by champions of justice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Preemptive action was permitted, when a foe was \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91bold and ready to strike\u8217\'92. Some slight tolerance for action after the fact as well.to strike back at his attacker even if there was no threat of a further blow. This was in the interest of allowing the victim to avoid \u8216\'91disgrace and humiliation\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91dishonour and loss of face\u8217\'92. Or, action in hot pursuit to recover property immediately after a robbery.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In principle, the rule was that selfdefence served only the very limited purpose of fending off a blow in the course of delivery or preventing the consummation of an ongoing attack. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 SOme bishops held that killing was sinful, even in a just cause, adn that penance was therefore required. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Battle of Hstings in 1066 - when the Norman bishops laid down an elaborate schedule of penances. Simply for fighting in a just war, a penance of three years was prescribed. One year of penance was required of a fighter for each enemy soldier that he knew that he hd killed. If a soldier struck an enemy but was unsure whether death had ensued or not, the penance was forty days. If the number of opponents that a soldier killed was not known, then there was to be penance of one day per week for the rest of the soldier\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s life ( or the building or endowing of a church as a substitute). There was a special rule for archers, who shot from afar and naturally would not know the effects of their cts: penance for three Lents. THe most extreme sanction was reserved for those with the improper animus. THese killings were straightforward homicide (even if the cause was just), requiring seven years\u8217\'92 penance. Even the commander himself, Duke William of NOrmandy made amends for the conflict in the form the endowing of Battle Abbey, which still stands as a tangible monument to the force of the medieval law of just wars.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The purpose of war, it must always be remembered, was not the destruction of th enemy for its own sake but rather the obtaining of justice. This principle of necessity imported a balancing test - a weighing of the suffering caused by the war, against the military advantage at stake.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91If an end is permissible, the necessary means to that end are also permissible\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Janus-Faced - having two contrasting points of view.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Second Lateran COuncil of 1139, which ruled that there should be no molesting of certain categories of noncombatants, such as clerice, pilgrims, merchants, and peasants. Also: a flat prohibition against the us of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91that murderous art of crossbowmen and archers\u8217\'92 in wars within the Christian world (These black arts continued to be permitted against infidel enemies.)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Medieval writers were fully aware that history and scripture were both replete with instances in which the wicked had vanquished the innocent on the field of battle. THis was explained in a variety of ways, such as by holding that God, acting in ways not fathomable by fallible humans, chose to allow evil-doers to prevail (presumably temporarily), possibly as a means of punishing evil acts committed on some prior occsion by the just side. But Power nd Right had no necessary connection whatsoever with one another. SO, just war was very different from a duel, in which two rivals agreed with one another in advance that the outcome of their combat would decide the issue between them and also preclude ny future quarrellingon the subject. Duelling was evil in that it converted a dispute of legal right into a mere contest of brute strength.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Victors must be just in their victory, must be scrupulously fair to his vanquished foe - must spurn temptation to extract unreasonable rewards for himself. No justification for plundering and robbing the unfortunate victims of defeat of all they possess.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just-war writing always had  certain aura of artificiality, an intricacy and detail that appealed more naturally to the subtle debater or logician than to the battle-hardened general. Never, in short, has writing about war been so largely the province of people so far removed from the actual practice of the subject.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ON the whole, evidence of the impact of just-war thought on stat practice in the Middle AGes was decidedly modest. Realists will naturally find it especially difficult to believe that the principle of animus in particular was ever very much in evidence in medieval warfare. Even the principle of personae, in which the church might be thought to have taken a particular interest, was interpreted with an impressive degree of flexibility. E.G. Pope Jon X personally leading his forces to victory against Muslim armies in 915. IN 958, Pope John XII embarked on a decidedly un-holy military campaign against Capua and Benevento with a view to enlarging the papal domains. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Law of Arms was in contrast a more practical law of warfare for the common soldier. Dealing with such matters as ransom arrangements for prisoners, taking and dividing of spoils, truces and safe-conducts and so forth. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the most part, medieval warfare presented a shocking picture of horror and brutality. There were relatively few pitched battles. A more typical method of warfare was the chevauche\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92e, whcih was a raiding expedition by mounted soldiers, dedicated to the destruction of crops, pillaging of property and general weakening of the enemy\u8217\'92s war-making capacity. Further scope for suffering by civilians was offered by the euphemistically named \u8216\'91free companies\u8217\'92 of soldiers, who hired themselves out to the highest bidder during war - commonly turning their hnds, with remarkable nimbleness, to free-lance plundering during times of peace or truce. These bodies were also known, with ominous accuracy, as les e\u8217\'92corcheurs ( scorchers). Nor did activities of free-ranging knights always measure up to the high standards o the medieval romances. Saint Peter Damian ( a bishop of Ostia in the eleventh century), for example, grumbled that the swords wielded by knights errant had created more widows and orphans than they had protected. By the end of the sixteenth century, knighthood had sunk to the leel of satire at the hands of miguel de cervantes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Letter of reprisal - seize property of foreign national from whose countrymen stole something from you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The wrong being remedied was not the original theft, but rather the subsequent denial of justice - a failure for which the foreign stat was responsible, and by extension, all of its members. The solace of these innocent sufferers, for what it was worth, was that they were entitled to be indemnified by the original wrongdoer, whom they could pursue in the courts of their own country. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Period of grace before the seizures could begin. Another common limitation on reprisals ws the exemption of certain categories of persons or property from them. Church property was typically exempted. Also travellers, pilgrims, ambassadors, and the like, as well as merchants attending fairs. It was also common for foreign nationals who were permanent residents of the issuing state to be exempted. Scholars were frequently exempted too. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once the reprisal process was underway it was subject to continuing judicial oversight. Property that was seized had to be brought before officials, who would certify that it fell within the terms of the reprisal grant. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Reprisal is a delegation to the letter holder of a portion of his ruler\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sovereign powers - i.e., the ruler\u8217\'92s right to determine the distribution of property amongst persons located in the territory over which his sovereign powers extended.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Letters of Mark - like letter of reprisal but for the the frontier \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Mark\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Catholic Church, most notably, was against letters of reprisal as oppressive and contrary to the laws and natural equity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hugo Grotius, in his famous treatise ON the Law of War and Peace, publishind in 1625. Law of nations in careful contrast to the older law of nature, which had dominated international legal thought throughout the Middle Ages. Two outstanding features that distinguished it - first that it focussed on the rights and duties of stats as such, and applicable only to them. Second, concentrate on the external actions of states and thereby to forgo considerations of good faith and mental attitude and the like.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was the emancipation of statecraft in general, including international law, from the principles of interpersonal morality. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THe pioneering figure was Machiavelli, whose name became a byword for depravity amongst moralists. He was the first to stress, in the most straightforward terms, the view that the qualities that made for successful stewardship of a state were not (to put it mildly) the same as those for gaining entrance to the kingdom of Heaven. Statecraft was increasingly becoming a science in this period, with the central concern being the dispassionate identification of the corporate interest of the state as such - followed by the rational and single minded devotion to the promotion of that interest. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Doctrines and methods derived not from broad principles of morality but from a coldly unsentimental analysis of human political life as it was actually lived. Buttom up instead of the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91top down\u8217\'92 character of natural law. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Law of Nations vs Law of Nature co-existed and interwove into what we now call natural law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Emmerich de Vattel, practising diplomat as well as a treatise writer. The Law of Nations, 1758, treatment of international law in its dualistic form. A great deal mor stress on the law of nations - or \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91voluntary\u8217\'92 law as he termed it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The world \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91soldier\u8217\'92 derives from the Latin \u8216\'91solidus\u8217\'92, a roman gold coin, indicating the tie between military service and the payment of a wage.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THis shift to the law of nations from law of nature issued a shift in professionalism in warfare, including a shift towards standing armies. These standing armies encouraged moderation in many ways in warfare. Uniforms to distinguish combatants from ambient populace. So expensive that rulers were loath to take undue risks with them. Generals often avoided pitched battles where possible because of the risk of the destruction of their forces at a fell swoop. As an alternative, war of manoeuvre became the standard strategy, with thegoal being to place one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s troops in enemy territory, so as to compel the enemy to bear the brunt of supporting them. Also moderating: comparative uniformity of military strength amongst the major European powers; only modest scope for territorial gains or losses.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hamilton: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93formerly, an invading army would penetrate into the heart of a neighbouring country almost as soon as intelligence of its approach could be received\u8230\'85 The history of war, in that quarter of the globe, is no longer a history of nations subdued and empires overturned; but of towns taken adn retain; of battles that decide nothing, of retreats more beneficial than victories; of much effort and little acquisition.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was the Age of Calculation more than the Age of Reason. With the goal being the maximisation of the national interest. THe ethos of the period was therefore relentless utilitarian, with little place for sentiment, moralism, or ideology. ALliances were formed and dissolved in a kind of perpetual stately waltz, danced to the lilting strains of the Eurpoean balance of power. Exemplifying the new style of rulership, near to the point of caricature, was that veritable crown prince of eighteenth-centry political rationalists, the ustrian Count Kaunitz-Rittberg. He boasted of his mastery of the arcan art of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91political algebra\u8217\'92 which enabled him, with the unerring certainty of the mathematician, to thread his way through the intricate diplomatic mazes of the time. War took on the aura of a chess game, particularly in the northwestern part of Europe, with its flat terrain, network of canals, dense clustering of rich cities and chains of fortressess. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was a depressingly materialistic time, with no ideological divides, no great causes, no spirit of heroic self-sacrifice. In the practice of states, if not the ruminations of scholars, the just-war ethos was very little in evidence. Cynical statesmen had little trouble conjuring up a cause for war whenever one was needed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Voltaire:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab A genealogist proves to a prince that he is the direct descendant of a count whose relatives had mde  family pact three or for hundred years ago with a house whose very nme has left no memory. THis house had remote pretensions to a province whose last owner had just died of apoplexy. The prince and his council conclude without difficulty that the province belongs to him by divine right. THis province, which is some hundreds of leagues distant, protests in vain that it does not know him, that it has no wish to be governed by him, that one must at least have a people\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s consent before legislateing for it. These discourses do not even reach the ears of the prince whose rights are incontestable. He immediately finds a great number of men who have nothing to do nor to lose. He dresses them in heavy blue cloth at 110 sous the ell, puts a heavy white cord round their hats, makes them turn left and right, and marches to glory.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 According to Vattle, actual state practice was scarcely less absurd than this. He maintained that the war between france and the netherlands in 1672 resulted from the irritation of the French King, Louis XIV, over the issuing of certain medals and the spreading of offensive jokes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hobbes - frank acceptance of the ways of power politics. Rejected natural law principle that peace is the normal condition of interstate relations. There is only the single quest for security in a brutally hostile world.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Contractual viewpoint - war as a duel between states, entered into by mutual consent, thereby justifying the alternate label of the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91duelling\u8217\'92 view of war. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The comes the first forays of Total War in the napoleonic era.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 _____It seems like law si the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91narrative making mechanism of the nation\u8217\'92 in the way the we are the story we tell ourselves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grotius - a decision to resort to war is just if it consist in the execution of a right, nand unjust if it consists in the execution of an injury. - father of international law}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Law of nations - legal relationships between nation states was of a particular character, qualitatively different from those governing interpersonal contacts. Previously, law applicable to humn relations, the jus gentium (or \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91law of peoples\u8217\'92) had been seen as merely a sub-category of the general, all-encomapassing law of nature.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The source of this new body of law lay in the conscious will of the states themselves. Instead of being handed down from above, it welled up from below, blossoming out of the practices of the countries of the world.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitoria - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Invincible error\u8221\'94 of \u8220\'93Invincible Ignorance\u8221\'94: a state of affairs in which it ws not possible, even with the best efforts, to discover where justice actually lay in the case at hand. Strictly speaking, it was still the case that one party would have a justa causa while the other would not. But the war would nonetheless be just on both sides in the limited sense that both sides were free of blame. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Note: perhaps primarily this concept was applied to peoples would could not possibly have heard the word of God and so lived in a state of invincible ignorance}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grotious applied law of nations to situations where war between states was one of invincible doubt. Voluntary law would look not to the substantive justice of the legal claims but instead to a definite formality in the conduct of war. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93 If the enemy observes all the rules of formal warfare, we are not to b e heard in complaint of him as a violator of the law of nations; he has the same right as we to assert a just cause; and our entire hope lies in victory or a friendly settlement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 _}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 NOTE: vvvvvv this is ubermensh mindset_____}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Under Natural law, no one is liable for the deeds of another person. Such vicarious liability was  feature exclusively of hte voluntary law. War entails the killing of persons not on the basis of any personal wrongdoing but merely because of their membership of the enemy armed force. The core defining feature of war as opposed to other conflict is that it consists of this secondary, rather than primary action. TThe effect was to open the way for treating war in a more flexible manner than before, as a man-made institution whose rules could be crafted - and recrafted as necessary - by human beings to serve their own purposes. The law of war was transplanted from heaven to earth. This is in contrast to medieval war, in which all enemies were considered to be wrongdoers in their own right, in the sense that all of them were held to have made a conscious choice to associate themselves with their leader\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cause. Grotious discarded this notion of universal personal responsibility. A mere \u8216\'91obstinate devotion to one\u8217\'92s party\u8217\'92, in Grotius\u8217\'92s view, was not in itself cause for punishment.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grotius distinguished state of war on one hand, and \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91its actos\u8217\'92 on the other. A state of war can exist even in the absence of any acts of war on the part of either side. Contrary to medieval doctrine, which had seen war in terms of individual coercive acts or operations occurring within a state of peace that was permanently in force. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 --_-__In the utility of abstraction, we lose something of the concrete nature of reality. Abstract conceptions of States and Corporations etc. and the laws and regulations built up around them have no NATURAL right to exist, and their excesses and ills need to be guarded against, because they are entirely fabricated.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the course of its development, muslim jurisprudence came to distinguish between three different levels of officially administered violence. First is fully fledged foreign war, which was known as Akham al-Hiraba. Second was war against internal insurgents - i.e., within the Muslim community - known as Akham al-Bughat. At the lowest level was state violence or coercion in the form of routine law enforcement, known as Akham al-Tariq. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 _Absense of belief that the natural condition of international affairs was one of peace. It held the opposite view: that, between the community of the faithful and the infidel world, there was inevitable and perpetual enmity, comparable to teh never-ending natural condition of war between the greek and barbarian worlds. The infidel world was even known as the Dar al-Harb, meaning \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91house of war\u8217\'92 in araic, in contrast to the muslim world or Dar al-Islam (\u8216\'91house of Islam\u8217\'92), which was the abode of peace and harmony.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No specific wrong-doing was required on the part o the infidels to justify war against them. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Infidels were allowed to retain their own religions provided that they refrained from disturbing the peace of the community and that they submitted to certain civil disabilities such as liability for extra taxation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The idea of endemic warfare between the muslim and infidel worlds naturally made it virtually impossible to devise any body of rules for determining when a transition from peace to war was justified. A lack of moral community between muslims and infidels hindered this progress.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two characteristics in particular distnguished the two types of miscreant. First, bughat(zealot) were animated by a doctrine or belief of some kind and not merely by greed for plunder. THe doctrine held might be misguided or heretical, but the important point was that the bughat fought as a patriot for a cause. The second was that a bughat group was the possession of some kind of internal organisational struccture of  a governmental or qusi-governmental nature. Maybe the form of a disciplined fighting arm comparable to a regular military force, or the effective possession of a territory in which the insurgents exercised de facto sovereign powers such as taxation or handing down judicial decisions.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conversely christians believed that the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91natural\u8217\'92 state of the world is one of peace, with war as an exceptional and perverse state of affairs requiring some kind of explicit justification. THe entire world was the \u8216\'91house of peace\u8217\'92 with no such thing as a \u8216\'91house of war\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The most immediate practical question was one of personal ethics: whether individual Christians could, or should, perform military service. The predominant view of the early CHurch fathers, most notably of Tertullian, was that they should not, on the authority of the gospel teachings. Gradually this position was modified as a result of several factors. ON was an increasing tendency of Christian writers to see the Roman Empire as a divinely approved political vehicle for the furthering of the Christian fatihe and the safeguarding of civilisation i general. Even the most devout Christians could appreciate the value ofa vigilant and disciplined military force against enemies of the faith...Consequently, Christian writers began to stress the virtues of defending the broader community, and the faith itself, against external foes. IT becamecommon for them to lavish praise onto the ROman state nd military as a model (or at least a potential model) of disciplined and devoted community service. Saint ambrose of Milan, writing in the late fourth century, lauded \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91the virtue which leads people to protect their country form barbarians in time of war, or which in peacetime makes them defend the weak or protect their friends from robbers\u8217\'92. Even Tertullian, the most pacifistically inclined of the Church fathers, stressed that Christians prayed dutifully for the ROman emperors and their armiers. In much the same vein, Christian writers also began to stress the positive values of the law-enforcement activities of magistrates against internal wrongdoers. No less an authority than Sait Paul praised magistrates as Go\u8217\'92s agents, labouring on behalf of the community at large - agents whose tasks naturally included the distasteful, bu tnecessary, chore of punishing wrongdoers\u8230\'85 THese tendencies were summed up by Augistine of Hippo. He explained that the gospel exhortation to pacifism should be understood as a limitation only n the purposes for which force could be used. In particular, the gospels forbade only the use of force for egoistical ends. THe position was very different, however, when force was employed altruistically, to protect others - i.e. to safeguard the community of faithful from its oppressors and enemies. That was a praiseworthy public service\u8230\'85 Good men, he contended, could wage war for the purpose of \u8216\'91bringing under the yoke the unbridled lusts of men\u8217\'92 and for rooting out of vice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aquinas- There was no sin, he insisted, following Augustine, in resorting to force when \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91comissioned by another\u8217\'92 for the common good.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 HERE we see who christianity goes from being radical pacificst - the door is opened by state power combined with the notion of helping others who are being struck down by violence, if not themselves. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93IF you are struck, present your side. But if another is struck, you have license to kill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Women, children, the aged, infirm are excluded from the dictates of nature. Ecclesiastics, whose professional calling was held to be incompatible with the shedding of blood. (Clerics were forbidden to practise surgery)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The war must have  well-defined objective ; e.g. title of territory. - No such thing as endemic conflict (no such thing as house of pease vs. house of war)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Augustine - just war was, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93one that avenges wrongs, when a nation or state has to be punished for refusing to make amends for the wrongs inflicted by its subjects or to restore what it has }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 seized unjustly\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Final criterion of just war - animus - war must be waged not out of hatred but out of love, for the purpose of correcting evil and briniging the enemy to the path of righteousness. - Subjective or mental counterpart of justa causa\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85. Distinctively christian, since it functioned as the key means of reconciling the christian duty of universal love with the rsort to force.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To Augustine, nothing was more reprehensible than, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The real evils in war, love of violence, revengeful cruelty, fierce and implacable enmity, wild resistance, and the lust of power and such like\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War must be waged, if at all, with reluctance, out of regrettable necessity and with a certain benevolent severity\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Augustine - like a father applying corporal punishment to  a son for corrective purposes, with a motive of love.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War is not opposed to love of one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s enemies; for whoever wages war honourable hats, not individuals, but the ations which he justly condemns\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the crusades to the holy land, the justa causes was the unlawful occupation of the holy land by muslim aggressors, who proceeded to compound their sins by interfering with the access of christian pilgrims to the holy plces.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If a war is just, there is no such thing as neutrality.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ______This feeling of despair that comes with the development of high minded ideals, and having them accompanied and implemented and taken advantage of by despicable people. E.G. Just War/ cause/ animus being manipulated to steal and oppress. Liberalism and freedom used by evil hedge funds to craft conset and laws to support them. It just works out so great in your head, then when implemented, the roaches find all the cracks and make them wider. Fear is the only thing that will ever keep them in line.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dude is proud of just-war theory - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, congrats on the windrow dressing you made to justify killing/stealing/etc.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Woman senator whois so beloved by the people, that they elect her husband every cycle on the condition that he pretend to sickness so that she can rule in his stead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later on, hallowed guardsmen try to get revenge on Ayram for the ambush which killed their compatriots.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is art? Art is - excuse me - Art is the living and concrete proof that man - or people I should say, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93 tipping his hat to Syram. \u8220\'93Art is the living and concrete proof that people are capable of reproducing consciously, and thus on the plane of meaning, the union of sense, need, impulse, and action characteristic of the living creature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The hell does that mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It means, my luddite friend, that we are all separated from each other by an impermeable boundary. We are each alone. Art is that which brings two minds together, as it was in the beginning. As it was intended.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds like love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is nothing so grotesque. Love is the realm of horny goats and bitches in heat. Art is the function \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walk on a beach. Love in the summer. Of all the ways to lose track of time, getting knocked out is the worst.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Butterfly feeding on decaying corpse}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Barb king kills himself when he learns that son wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t saved}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rodger takes over, performs magic to convince people he can save them }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THey pledge their lives to him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sacrificial battle - men women and children just running into the blades.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rodger wife? Ayram is woman?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Power corrupts - money corrupts - affluenza. Something occurs when money is gained.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ushlick city - lots of tents exterior - structures get older and harder the closer to the center, like a growing scab.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Orson Welles story about hitler - Was hiking in Innsbrook - my hiking partner was a budding nazi when the nazis were just cranks. Finagled a seat at the table. I sat next to Hitler - he left so little an impression on me that I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t recall him at all. Nothing in my memory. He had no personality.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazd to Pyetle - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you certain?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Certainty is the enemy of self-awareness. Nothing is True. There are only things which are more or less true. If you are certain, you become blind to the more accurate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Someone explain Trump\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s charisma.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its entirely about projecting confidence and certainty. Especially certainty. You can say anything, and as long as you say it with conviction, people will believe you. Has nothing to do with the quality of the argument or idea.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Solean pantheon - Dominion over the earth. Work to bring the earth together that we might overthrow the gods. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you worried they\u8217\'92ll stop you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  They will do what they will, as will we.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So bizarre - they pray to the thing they wish to kill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is our destiny. To forge our being to become worthy of godhood. All parents wish their children to outgrow them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Emperor, like the christian god, declares all to be in violation of the law by default. The live but for his mercy. No courts. No trials. Only His word binds them. Can be stricken at any time, not requiring any reason for this one alone suffices.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 twTinder of the masses, stirred up when great men roll along. They want to be told what to believe, who to kill, and they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll do it with a righteous fury.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sitar, strings that are there, but are really meant to just vibrate along with you. Don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t actually play them, just give resonance (sympathetic vibration).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Time becomes solid on the internet. Past and future become condensed. Youtube recommendationsi of Old Mckellan while you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re watching an interview with the young one.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Art can save people from suicide - because in that brief moment, the viewer can get inside the artists mind, finally become one with another human being, and there in that moment they find peace at last.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A Modest War\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93 Desert of peace\u8221\'94 - make a desert of the world and call it peace}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Power corrupts - have not seen the view from commanding heights.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen - There is no greater good than for a warrior to fight in a righteous war.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla - The greatest evils were brought into the world by men possessed of righteous fury.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To be a simple creature is to have sense, need, and impulse. To be human is to have an awareness of the future. To act human is to organize the future. To live human, then, is to work long and hard to shape a chain of cause and effect that might, when casted out into the void,  latch on to a more desirable world. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a largely futile endeavor; the vast majority of humans have only ever nicked the future; perhaps they caught a lover, or some temporary measure of peaceableness. Nonetheless, the stories of true successes are intoxicating. The very knowledge that one person might move mountains makes life itself, and by extension their own, worth it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The skilled craftsman will defeat blind anger and emotion\u8221\'94 A general is a surgeon, carfel to apply force only with the utmost care.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Religious ceremonies - sacrificing and consulting omens, were common prior to important battles. Holiness of military encampments. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Taking of the auspices\u8221\'94 specialist priests, nown as augers, took the view of gods regarding war. Ceremony for the purification of military equipment - special attention to the horses and trumpets. Different rituals for different scenarios - besiege, town walls, skirmish. Induce the enemy\u8217\'92s gods to desert them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is a point of honour to attack the enemy at its strongest, rather than its weakeset point, on the ground that iwas ignoble to exploit the weakness of another.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Forbidden use of concealed or barbed weapons. No killing the sleep, not slain when fleeing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Regulus captured by carthaginians in the first punic war - allowed by captors to return to rome to take part in a debate over whether rome would exchange a group of carthaginian prisoners for himself. He gave his solemn word that, if the roman senate did not agree to the exchange, then he would return to his captivity in Carthage. Once in Rome, he spoke out against the proffered prisoner exchange. Then, true to his word, he returned to his own captivity in Carthage.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spies, ruses, and deceptions (booby trapping temples). Poison, destroying wells and sowing dissension in the enemy\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ranks.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 IN SItuations of endemic or constant conflict between two peoples, such a contrast is not possible, any more than a science of meteorology would be possible in a society in which the weather never varied. In such a case, war would be, in a certain conceptual sense, invisible by virtue of its very ubiquity (Can use analogy of light/and dark, if you only live in the dark, you would have no word for it).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Arabs had a specific label for endemic conflic consisting of interminable raiding and counterraiding: razzia, which they clearly distinguished from formal war.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Precolonial Aftrica, the Fante sent a herald to the enemy to declare war, sometimes even to arrange the time and place of battle. Nigerian peoples indicated teh existence of war by laying plantain leaves and piles of powder and shot on paths that would be travelled by their enemies-to-be. - Michoaca - priest burned a number of balls of tobacco, tow men dispatched to place two balls of tobacco and blood-stained arrows and some eagle feathers, in the territory of the enemy. Aztecs famously sent series of missions to request surrender before war, suppying their enemies with weapons, and foregoing any possibility of surprise.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the greeks, they sent heralds to sing declaration of war. Overtime, the mere presence of a herald signaled war.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Declaration of war to the people, letting them know challenging times were ahead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Declaration of a Just war- \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No war is just unless formally announced and declared before hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Comic extension of the golden rule - I would like to be notified before you try to come and slaughter my people, rape my women, and pillage my lands.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Declration of war allowed for existence of boundary between war and peace.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 CHapter marking the beginning of war}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Mandrameen noted the comic twisting of the golden rule to declare war}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Seculla noted how declarations allowed for a boundary between war and peace - necessary for the civilized world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Massive bonfires outside each of the Seldren gates.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Key component of just war : the normal condition of interntional ffairs is one of peace.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Peace is only a fiction. All states are by nature fighting an undeclared dwar against every other state.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No peace or war, but passsive and active hostility. There is only turbulence. Universe as a theatre of perpetual strife.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Confucian - even barbarians were not alien, merely imperfectly integrated into the great global order. There is natural law, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91which exists everywhere has the same force and does not exist by people\u8217\'92s thinking this or that.\u8217\'92  The whole of humanity comprises a single moral, political society. In a global society that was orderly and rational, conflict and disorder must inevitably be seen as a pathological state of affairs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cicero - war should always be undertaken in such a way that one is seen to be aiming at peace. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But all this obsession with just causes for war, there are pretexts, and there are the true causes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Alexander - robber and looter of nations.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cosmopolitan - city of the cosmos.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They dont like woody plants}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What? Why not??}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Trees don\u8217\'92t have souls. Trees aren\u8217\'92t even living things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dan gives Ralph a look.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you call it life,\u8221\'94 Ralph continued, \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s gotta be killing something, doesn\u8217\'92t it? Anything can die. I can crush a rock with my hammer and I can crush a bug with my hammer, yet we say the rock is a thing and the bug is a life. Why? Because the bug kills other bugs. That\u8217\'92s how you know they\u8217\'92re alive. It\u8217\'92s the killing and the eating.\u8221\'94 That last word rolled through Ralph\u8217\'92s beard like a saw.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Trees eat children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck, no\u8230\'85 Definition of life. Bugs have children, rocks don\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s what makes a bug alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cut a man\u8217\'92s balls off, what is he then? Dead? Just because he can\u8217\'92t have children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s of a type that has children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph just shrugged. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I say it\u8217\'92s killing. If these trees are alive, then that means they\u8217\'92re killing something. Could be it\u8217\'92s us. I heard once that we\u8217\'92re supposed to be immortal, and that the trees are poisoning the air to age us, so they can feast on our corpses when we die. We think we\u8217\'92re tending the orchard field but it\u8217\'92s really the orchard field tending to us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where the hell did you hear that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93From some pacified herd in the south. They\u8217\'92re mostly dead now. Dog worshippers the were. Fed their dead to packs of dogs to keep them out of the ground. Ground the bones to dust then tossed in with the water the dogs lapped up. Then they made bricks out of the feces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No wonder you\u8217\'92re all \u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Loopey}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve always said I should contemplate more, so I\u8217\'92ve been contemplating. What do you think Eliza?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Living things can grow. Everything else can only waste away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is written in the book of creation,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 she began, \u8220\'93that a thing\u8217\'92s greatest strength is also its greatest weakness. On these very foothills of Kelkrim,\u8221\'94 she pointed down at the ground for the added effect, \u8220\'93there once stood a forest of mighty oak, trees whose roots dug deep into the foundations of the world, so deep, that they could withstand our southern storms. For thousands of years they flourished, and yet, their anchors were their undoing, for they could not flee the axes of our ancestors. The forest\u8217\'92s greatest strength was its greatest weakness, and so it is no more.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If they\u8217\'92re all gone, how do know they ever existed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just that old, child. \u8221\'94 Her ancient eyes buried into skull like beetles, darting about, as if daring someone else to challenge her claims. \u8220\'93Man too is listed in the book of creation,\u8221\'94 she finally continued. \u8220\'93What is man\u8217\'92s greatest strength?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A young centurion spoke up. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93His mind!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, his mind. With it, he bestrides the creatures of the world in the image of Hastat himself. But what aspect of the mind? Creatures have minds, what makes ours different?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Speech!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do the birds not speak to eachother?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is our sense of the future. Our logic. Allows us to plan, but these plans can be destructive on a scale that is not possible without plans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 > Things don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have intrinsic natures, simply more or less useful descriptions. I.E. life, species, intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The doctrine that the truth is manifest is the root of all tyranny}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Evil is the lack of knowledge}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -Deutsch}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aporia - impasse/puzzlement - confusion and doubt are not dead ends, but a sign of adulthood of the mind.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You believe that the gap between human and ant is so great, so clear and obvious that it should serve as the root of an analogy. Why? Are humans a more successful creature than the ant? By what standard? At the fundamental level of information, the only *real* difference is the time scales at which the human brain can function when compared to the ant colony. Indeed this is the only *real* difference between myself and you. This leads to different behavior. Different, but better? There is no justification for saying one is worse than the other, because to do so you must assume that there is an objective frame of reference. What reason do you have for privileging the human\u8217\'92s experiences over the ant\u8217\'92s? Because you are a human?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you are saying we are all equal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m saying don\u8217\'92t project your human sensibilities onto my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But if I care about love and mercy, is it wrong to expect you to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He pauses to consider the question.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want to know whether or not you should fear me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The time in which I will determine the fate of humanity is  too far away to predict who or what I will be, and what the world will be.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about right now. If you had to make that decision right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot learn much from hypotheticals. Knowledge is only useful in its given context.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The context is now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then the answer is self-evident. You are still living.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about this: Do you like humans?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In comparison to what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No comparisons! Do you like humanity for its own sake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A object in a void is just an object. It is not big or small, brittle or hard. Only when you put another object next to it does it acquire an identity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But a rock is a rock. Even in a void.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A rock is not a rock. It is a causal flow of events. That is the only thing that is real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s moments like this make life worth killing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What obstacles are there to its enlightenment?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The paid journalists who mislead it every day by shameless distortions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What conclusion follows? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That we ought to proscribe these writers as the most dangerous enemies of the country, and to circulate an abundance of good literature.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When, then, will the people be educated?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When it has had enough bread to eat, and when the rich and the government cease bribing treacherous pens and tongues to deceive it; when their interests are identified with those of the people.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When will this be?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Never.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What person does not see themselves as the very . There is a pernicious idea in the world of man that places him atop }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A world\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s geography defines the course of it\u8217\'92s history. What events might not have occurred, what civilizations might history have gained or lost if a valley had instead been a mountain, or an wide inlet instead a barrier island.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War is a public and collective enterprise, arraying a whole people against a foreign foe. It is an exercise in social solidarity of the highest order. It is an error to think of it in terms of turbulence, confusion and anarchy. These factors may be present to be sure, perhaps in generous measure. But warfare calls for careful planning, preperation of many kinds - psychological, spiritual, logistical, and so forth - as well as rational execution. It is scientific }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A culture that is not cohesive will break. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps in some distant age, when weapons so powerful make war obsolete, societies will begin to fracture\u8230\'85 if you do not exercise a muscle, you lose it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 CHILD OF EMPEROR puts forward institutions!!!! - explain in terms of natural proclivity to extract. Must create institutions to counter-balance this instinct. - few good men in the story of institutions. What is good comes about by accident.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your eyes will adjust to the darkness.\u8221\'94 - morality}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I showed my true colors (coward running from battle).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Colors change with the seasons.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whether it is better to be among the remembered dead, or alive and already forgotten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Is\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t not his heart\u8217\'92s accord, urged outward far and dim,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To wind the world in unison with him?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When on the spindle, spun to endless distance,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 By Nature\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s listless hand the thread is twirled,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And the discordant tones of all existence}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In sullen jamgle are together hurled,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who, then, the changeless orders of creation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Divides, and kindles into rhythmic dance?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who brings the One to join the general ordination,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Where it may throb in grandest consonance?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who bids teh storm to passion stir the bosom?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In brooding souls the sunset burn above?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who scatters every fairest April blossom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Along the shining path of Love?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who braids teh noteless leaves to crowns, requiting}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert with fame, in Action\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s every field?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who makes Olympus sure, the Gods uniting?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The might of Man, as in the Bard revealed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing More}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kamandaka - 4th century. Sixteen different types of war, classified according to the results sought or achieved, the causes, the character of the parties engaged and so forth. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Violent conflict between collectives instead of individuals.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Waged against foreign peoples instead of domestic enemies}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rule-governed activity}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Boundary between times of war and times of peace.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 American indians had person -to -person conflict, but lacked any idea or practice of organised, collective combat. War is not a universal feture of the human condition.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ares is often said to have been the god of war of ancient Greece, but this is not correct. His actual sphere of activity was violence o fthe interpersonal sort such as the wreaking of vengeance. Homer had him denounced by Athena as a bloodthirsty marauder, and by Hera as a mindless bully who knows no law\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Warfare as an organised, disciplined, rationally conducted collective activity was the sphere of Athena, portrayed with a helmet and breastplate.Inimicus vs. hostis. Personal conflict vs. social conflict.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plato - valour and bravado are not the principal traits sought in civilised warriors. What is needed is a cool-headed and disciplined devotion to the community interest. Never do anything except by combined and united action as members of a group.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Norse - older god was Tiw, who was counterpart of athena. Odin, who was fierce, fanatical, and heroic.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Indra, chief of the vedic gods. A mighty hero, vanquisher of monsters and the like. Vs. Skanda, organised hosts to victory. Discipline and chastity. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 China - Chi You = ares, anarchic violence, personal revenge and chaos. Yellow Emperor, the use of force on behalf of the community.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Obedience, patience, cooperation and discipline. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Times of peace and prosperity threaten the moral helth of the body buy tempting people to neglect these qualities. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle - war as a force for nurturing the key virtues of justice and restraint. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robbespierre- virtue without terror is impotent.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cicero - a criminal band is not an enemy proper. An enemy state in wartimre was the foe only with the country with which it was at war, whereas the pirate was the common foe of all. Formal process for declaring war against organised foreign states, not against barbarians, brigans, pirates or the like. No obligation to keep faith with you, whereas there is for state enemies. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some criminal bands were large and unorganized. Latrociniae. Powerful and require militar scale. Operation could be mounted en masse, without any need for the scrupulous provision of proof of guilt. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is no such thing as a foreign society. There are barbarians on the bargain to be sure, but these are simply dark corners to which the light of chinese civilisation had, as yet, penetrated only partially. It is law enforcement, not war.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Daoist war god Guan Ui - began his career as a mortal, a general Ifirst a beancurd seller) in the disorderly period. Promotion to divine not for valour or destructiveness alone, but also for mercy, wisdom, loyalty and discipline. Wise man of action. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Individual concerns must be subordinated to the broader social interest. (Without this pressure, it would never occur. Society would slowly and gradually fragment as the generations lost their).Social entropy. ---why do people become stupid when in groups? They subject their will to the state. Extinction of the self in the community.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle notes}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ibn-Kaldoun - 14th century - Berber state being like a garden}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is no justice without the monarch. No Monarch without the army. No army without taxes. No taxes without wealth. No wealth without justice.\tab }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They say she does not dance in time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then it is time that is at fault.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War a majestic constant throughout history across cultures. A protean thing, changing its fce throughout the course of recorded history in response to a dizzying array of factors. War so routine, so widely accepted, as to assume something of the character of a sporting contest or a ritual. An institution of international law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Things do not evolve through some kind of wholly innate dynamic in the manner of an embryo developing steadily along a predictable path into a person or an acorn into an oak tree. Indeed, even embryos must be nourished and acorns provided with soil and water.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Specific rules about war have never existed in a vacuum. It is the deep-seated conceptions about the nature and role of war in international relations.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assassinations, ruses and perfidy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The eternal struggle between agricultural and nomadic ways.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At some point war ceased to be regarded as natural or inevitable and came instead to be seen as a matter of conscious human choice. Migrated from the realm of instinct, or of divine command, to the domain of reason. Two separate gods of war : Ares vs. Athena. From that time onward, it became necessary to think about war - about offensive war, as a purposive activity.  (instead of border friction). Why embark upon war instead of remain at peace.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Confucian: War as a means of last resort, to counteract antisocial conduct and reinforce the norms which integrated the society into a harmonious whole.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Natural law - the entire world was under the rule of a single universal, transcultural set of moral principles. War was a handmaiden of justice. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose is not conquest or revenge or glory, but the vindication of the rule of law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cynicism, greed, and brutality have a wider field of play.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christian knights indulged in a horrible massacre in liberating the tomb of their saviour, who had urged all men to turn the other cheek when smitten.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Misty beginnings up to the year 1600.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dominant legal framework was that of natural law, with war seen primarily as a means of enforcing that law. Wars were fought on earth, but for purposes made in heaven.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 1600-1815, metamorphosis of war from a tool of God into a tool of men. Law relating to war had a distinctly dualistic character - partly of nature, partly of culture. Wars were perfect if decked out in the fullest and most formal array, and otherwise imperfect.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War as clash of rival international interests rather than pursuit of heavenly ideals or more mundanely, the rule of law. A laissez-faire era, with war so firmly ensconced as a routine feature fo life that it unblushingly accorded the honourable status as an institution of international law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Modern reversion to the medieval just-war outlook.Harness war and justice more tightly together than ever before. The deth of war as a legal institution. But war was dispiritingly tenacious.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just as within a state some lawful power to punish crimes is necessary to preservation of domestic peace; so in the world as a whole, there must exist, in order that various states may dwell in concord, some power for the punishment of injuries inflicted by one state upon another; and this power is not found in any superior.- Fransisco Sua\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92rez}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The earliest instances of collective armed struggle predate recorded history, and so remain the subject of speculation rather than of settled fact. Indeed, if the Christian st}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po-ueHf-mDU}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Parchement creation and reuse archimedes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Human logic - the feeling of being logical, of having accomplished a thought but actually none of the rigor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No truth - unerringness }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Herodotus : 20min}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re under no obligation to believe what is said. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How truth is mediated by the messenger - orignal message, with addendum from king, with addendudm from emperor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bigotry comes from feeling threatened.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pindar - poet - custom is king of all. Great king darius, was interested to know of the funerary customs of two distinct peoples. Greeks, Kalatian indians. Greeks cremate whereas indians cannibalize deadrelatives. Asked greeks how they disposed of dead, greeks said we cremeate them. Darius then asks the kalatians how they did, and the kalatians were horrified to hear that the greeks cremate their dead. They say we cannibalize their dead. The greeks though \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91oh my goodness, utter limits of barbarism.\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91No\u8217\'92, heroditus said - every people believe that its own custms how you dispose of the dead is central to who a people are and where they see their place in the world. Custom is king.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The loser of a knife fight dies in the street, and the winner dies on the way to the hospital. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What I was taught growing up is that, when someone attacks you with a knife, you WILL be cut in some way; there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s no way to avoid it unless you can escape the situation entirely by running. What one must do is decide where and how they\u8217\'92ll be cut, and focus on getting away as fast as possible. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This idea that you don't have to accurately represent people you don't like is causing the downfall of Western liberal society. Post truth world and all that. If you do, things get complicated and it gets harder to hate.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If you haven\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t seen it, I wouldn\u8217\'92t suggest it, the gargling the guy makes is a bit wrenching. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When it comes to empires, everything is going fine, until its not.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Charcoal brushing onto beard for color.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I can do it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Youre a fucking girl.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She does it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Religions believe in a beautiful next life, but they cling so tightly to this one. Makes you wonder if they really believe.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Real politik woman \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quick and the dead - guy has renounced violence - other guy wants to force him into violence - they watch a kid maul another guy and the crowd rejoice - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hows it feel? Bring you back to the good old days? Doesn\u8217\'92t it make your whole peaceful thing seem worthless. See that? Thats the base state. That life they\u8217\'92re feeling. Everyone wants that. Its not going away. Gonna pop back up with the next generation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You see when a man is a killer thats what he is, there\u8217\'92s no dishoner. But dont tell me that same man, that its not in his blood anymore. Thats worse than a lie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Did you ever kill anyone?\line Sure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think you have. See it all comes down to one thing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m already damned, I know that.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One man army kicks ass - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91you\u8217\'92re willing to kill, but none of you are willing to die!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Note also that he never moves his sword into a position where he can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t recover to either counterattack or defend himself. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now start watching them move. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re (usually) just out of each other\u8217\'92s reach which is exactly where they should be. Watch their footwork too. Their movements are crisp and clean and neither of them over commit when they lunge. See how their front knee never goes in front of their front foot when they lunge? That\u8217\'92s a sign that they\u8217\'92re keeping control of their bodies and not exposing themselves to a counterattack. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Has anyone ever told you that you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re dumb as fuck? No no no, im not saying your dumbe as fuck, im asking if anyone has ever told you that.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Out here in nature, in this beauty, but I can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t enjoy it because im thinking about people! Fucking people!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Years ago, I read a comment written by a guy who survived a stabbing and he said what stuck out the most to him was how, obviously, we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not accustomed to feeling any sensations in most of our internal organs, but it was more the temperature of the blade itself that stood out, since metal is so cold compared to our body temperature.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t recall him saying much about the actual pain it caused or not. Just awareness of how wrong the contrast of temperature was and not expecting it, because who tf would?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Evidently, the opposite is true when shot. People describe it as being similar to a powerful punch, but the bullet feels hot, obviously.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_eZ2OGCKVA}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Inside of drab, flapping coat is rainbow colors.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 GOLD: https://www.nature.com/articles/nature.2013.12615}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 New research reveals that high-grade veins of gold contain clusters of gold nanoparticles, which is important because it explains how these impossibly rich aggregations of gold can form in fractures below the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.livescience.com/earth.html"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 earth}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . Laboratory experiments have long found that it's impossible to dissolve enough gold in hydrothermal fluids to ultimately crystallize out to form thick, high-grade veins of the glittering stuff. Hydrothermal fluids are heated liquids, warmed by magma in the earth's crust, which carry complex stews of dissolved minerals and gases.\~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The new study, which was published May 18 in the journal}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.pnas.org/content/118/20/e2100689118"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \~Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , suggests that these veins don't come from dissolved gold at all. Instead, they may be accumulations from so-called colloidal fluids, in which the particles of gold aren't dissolved, but instead suspended.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Related:\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.livescience.com/ways-earth-was-weird-in-2019.html"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 10 ways Earth revealed its weirdness}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We're the first people to get an image to essentially prove that, yes, these nanoparticles, these colloids, exist," in geothermal systems, said study lead author Duncan McLeish, a doctoral candidate in Earth sciences at McGill University in Montreal.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shakespeare nicked, stole huge chunks of plays whatever he could wherever he could. As in antony and cleopatra, great chunks from plutarch, and on into medieval plays. Midsummers nights dream has no obvious principle source.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You painted maypole (tall girl)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 ...Labour\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s leaders are more interested in settling internal factional scores than disassembling Tory deceit and projecting an optimistic, coherent vision in its place."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Progressives wont ever get out of their own way. A single fist is always stronger than what they can muster. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A crying woman is a schemeing woman - intro to spiel about emotions being manipulations.   \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moon shield a\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92la achilles - notch to hold spear.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pella - failure of her reign - its the enemy from the inside, trying to pull it all apart.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But they'll still feel it. Like walking into a pocket of cold air, you'll just sense "there was something wicked here". }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your not a good person.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good is relative. Good for me. Bad for you. You poors just see bad for you, as if you thats some moral code. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re selfish. Im selfish but don\u8217\'92t pretend not to be. I do good. Good for me. You idiots are just under the illusion that you\u8217\'92re not selfish pricks. Fools who elevate your own wellbeing to goodness.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 By Ernst Van Alphen, brief excerpts from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0674317629/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=0674317629&linkCode=as2&tag=amesubx-20"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Francis Bacon and the Loss of Self}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , 1992.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First page - }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Francis Bacon is deeply suspicious of narrative. For him, narrative seems to be the natural enemy of vision; it blinds. Narrative is boring because it precludes the direct actualization of a painting via the viewer\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s perception. Story-tellers are seducers, diverting the audience\u8217\'92s attention from what there is to see.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Old guy taking snuff. Browned nostrils}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Take a pinch between your thumb and what the army calls your walking-out-finger. Powdered tobacco.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Envy is the only sin that gives no pleasure.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Philosophy hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t moved an inch in 5,000 years.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Considering philosophy only began 3,000 years ago, that premise is false start.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gilgamesh!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gilgamesh! What you seek you will never find. For when\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85. Nothing has gone forward from there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t matter how much kant you read or how much deleuze you consume}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Consume?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yes consume. You don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t read deuleuze. Reading implies a clear and cogent thought is being transmitted. You consume deleuze like you would a steak. A gestalt of flesh and bloody juices swirling around in your mouth. It might inspire but dont pretend like the cow fattened itself just for you.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of the singular features of the Strait of Gibraltar is the Mediterranean inflow and outflow, which consists of layers of water that have different salinity (levels of salt).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The water in the Atlantic is less salty and less dense than water in the Mediterranean, and it flows eastwards into the Mediterranean through the Straits as a surface layer, about 125m deep with a speed of two to three knots.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In contrast, there is a westward outflow of heavier, colder, and more salty water, which works its way out into the Atlantic. The tidal flow will either speed up or slow down the eastern flowing current, depending on the phase of the tide.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You can't rob a bank on charm and personality," }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lizard trying to drink piss.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=663KPrkpWK8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Book appraiser\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s look.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seated in royal ease.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A depression is just a bit of land that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a little lower than the surrounding area. It can vary in size, but if you\u8217\'92re walking along, you\u8217\'92ll get through it in good time with no great effort. It\u8217\'92s just a phase in what is otherwise perfectly healthy, normal, level ground. It\u8217\'92s not a mountain whose peak is hidden in a blizzard. It\u8217\'92s not a grey and stormy ocean whose innumerable waves wrap around the horizon. It\u8217\'92s not an endless desert filled only with mirages that flicker just out of reach. It\u8217\'92s just, you know, a shallow dip in the road. You might not even notice it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Suffice to say, a depression is not very depressing, and that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s why Pyetle hated the word. He thought it was prejudicial to use the same word to describe both a dimple of land and his own private psychological desolation. It gave well-put-together people the wrong idea about him; made them feel that they understood where he was coming from. After all, everyone\u8217\'92s been sad, so everyone\u8217\'92s been through a little depression, so everyone thinks they\u8217\'92ve got the place mapped; but a really meaty nihilistic stupor, well Pyetle knew it wasn\u8217\'92t on any goddamn map. It was perfectly reasonable for someone to get lost there and never find their way out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some people are born there. Whether by nature or nurture they are trapped in that dimension at the earliest age. Pyetle was such a creature, and as such he knew that he was destined to lead a life unlived - whether it be by suicide or apathy or distraction. He reasoned he was old enough now at forty-two to opt for suicide - as what little in the way of pleasure his life could offer, it must have offered by now. So three days ago he began to drink, and he did not stop until late on the second night, when his stockpile of wineskins were emptied. He then slept, then woke an hour later in a sweat and vomited what seemed to him to be the whole of his stomach, and then promptly went back to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On the third day he rose again, this time to wander the streets of Jeket aimlessly until final inspiration took him. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edge-seeker. Palmist - infer the future - but on sand there are no edges. Footprints, tracker. But not in the desert.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And with a lengthened string of similar broken sentences, delivered with extraordinary volubility, the stranger led the way to the traveller's waiting-room, whither he was closely followed by Mr. Pickwick and his disciples. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is red herring.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A gift is a sacred thing.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Insects come around to drink eye liquid/ moouth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If I dont care about your feelings, Im certainly not going to care about hte feelings of people who are long dead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cloves put onto flame to get charred and youve got eyebrow pencil.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ladies crush teh bones of poor to make white makeup for parties.]]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The blisters he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten past, but the bruising on the bottom of his feet from walking so long was excruciating. Felt like the bones in his heels were mashing the meat of his heel to jelly.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Season_(society)"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Season}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~was the name given to the months between late January and early July. It officially began when\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parliament_of_the_United_Kingdom"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Parliament}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~reopened in London and was the season for social entertainments \endash  balls, theatre parties, dances, masquerades, military reviews, and other social pleasures enjoyed by the ton. Families with marriageable children used the Season to present their children to the ton in hopes of arranging profitable marriages. For this reason, the Season has also been called the "Marriage Mart" by notables such as Lord Byron. For marriageable girls, the Season was an intense period of social networking in which a faux pas could affect their marriage and social prospects within the ton. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Food waste in plastic bags. A day and a night of restaurant garbate. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was looking at me as we ran.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Why do they cage it? I said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He looked at me.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Derelicts come out of the park and eat it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is a problem with text. People venerate text. Older the better. Dont want to think for themselves. Gives conservatives ammo. To run a government, an adaptive product, you need to avoid setting it down in text.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Why the churn of generations is valuable. People make opinions of things based on first or early experineces. It takes a new person to give the thing a second look over, maybe a more accurate opinion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bravery is a measure of uncertainty. When we train soldiers, we train the bravery out of them. We dont want brave soldiers. We want cool-heads. We want men who know what they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re doing, and when you know what you\u8217\'92re doing, there\u8217\'92s not much room there for bravery.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For example, if you knew the time of your death, there would be no question of bravery.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Talking about sex = ints not about what you do, its more bout behaviour.arent thaose the same> no. Its not mechanical. Its about attitude. Well its mechanical, yes, but its about the fire in the eyes. The sense of urgency. The elimination of the world except for the two bodies. Utter and complete abandon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jandrimun drug their warriors to give them a cool head under fire - makes them into unroutable force, and allows them to overcome overwhelming odds.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Arguing about political decision which caused 100,000 deaths.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you care about this, its just a political game for power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because 100,000 people died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93100,000 people are always going to die.  There will always be bad political situations because there will always be bad and stupid and ignorant people. You cant fix the state because its component parts are unfixable. So it has always been, so it will always be. Everyone knows this. Its just about power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So why do you do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Samira says somethign character revealing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Samira, talking about }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Botta talking about the art of swordfighting, etc.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd is like, none of that is useful to him. Look, with any complex problem, something thats too big to handle, break it up into smaller, more digestible problems. Make the space a grid. Solve for each grid. Make the continuous space discrete.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy convinces enemy to join him just by talking - change the way you look at the world. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 My favourite part used to be taking off my clothes. Watching his pupils dilate. Eyes glaze over. Jaw going slightly slack. Breaths getting deeper. Both knowing what he wants.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guess I'll just walk to the grocery store in yoga pants, again.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a lot of people with a lot of love to give, but you just have to unlock it, find it, etc.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bury them in a circle. Can you feel it? I canalready feel it and they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not even in the ground.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thing that sucks about power - still need people. It sucks but at the end of the day - I can conjure lighting from the sky, but what does that matter if im not loved? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You can shoot lightning out of your ass, but if no one likes you, if you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like people, if things have gone all wrong for you that way, there\u8217\'92s only one other thing that makes life worth living - burgeons!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its an impossible problem! (talking about swordplay). Well, how do you solve impossible problems. You don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t, theyre impossible. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Are you at least willing to conceed that it may only seem impossible?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sure}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How do you go about solving an impossible problem - you make them complex. Common feature of impossible problems is that they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re continuous. Infinite. Make it complex. Break it into small pieces, solvable pieces. Simple pieces, and then you\u8217\'92re going to arrive at a solution. Its a large problem. Make it a smaller problem.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Needlefish leaping out of water impaling on boater}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Squeeze blood out of stones.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good luck, bad luck}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Boot isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t restricted to the military.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Boot is a state of mind. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s in your\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 soul}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A long time ago, a wise grandfather was talking to his grandson.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There are two wolves fighting inside you, my son\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93One is boot. He is naive. Full of hubris. Lacks self awareness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The other is a regular-ass dude just making his way\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The grandson asked \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93grandfather - which wolf wins?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His grandfather thought a moment. He then looked at him and said\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85depends. Do you think 26% interest on a V6 charger is a sweet deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bag}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ego causing bad decisions in wartime costing lives.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Bravery is a sign of unpreparedness (uncertainty), and unpreparedness is a sign of idiocy.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 No, bravery is when you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re sure you\u8217\'92ll lose, but you do it anyway.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 No, thats foolishness.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \line [\endash ]{\f6\fs18\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Deadlifts_n_Riffs}{\f5\fs18\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \~}}}{\f5\fs18\b0\i0 \~}{\f6\fs18\b1\i0 26 points}{\f5\fs18\b0\i0 \~6 months ago}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 Boot isn\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92t restricted to the military.}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 Boot is a state of mind. It\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s in your\~}{\f7\fs18\b0\i1 soul}{\f5\fs18\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 A long time ago, a wise grandfather was talking to his grandson.}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93There are two wolves fighting inside you, my son\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93One is boot. He is naive. Full of hubris. Lacks self awareness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93The other is a regular-ass dude just making his way\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 The grandson asked \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93grandfather - which wolf wins?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 His grandfather thought a moment. He then looked at him and said\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f5\fs18\b0\i0 \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85depends. Do you think 26% interest on a V6 charger is a sweet deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Buck mating call gives away position - horny = dead}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The difference between people\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s opinions of history, history, and what actually happens.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The difference between design and pattern. Complex\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 pattern}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~doesn't require a designer.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It's worth being careful how you use words, because complex design DOES require a designer, in the same way complex carpentry requires a carpenter: design is literally what designers do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The geometry of the Mandelbrot set exhibits complex\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 pattern}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~and no design. Biological organisms exhibit features that can\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 appear}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~designed, because they can appear to exist\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 for a purpose}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ... until we realise that "purpose" is illusory in nature: evolution doesn't intentionally solve problems or work towards goals.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So... I think it's good to try to avoid using words like "design" and "purpose" when talking about evolved biological features, to avoid encouraging people to think in terms of illusions.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you think you\u8217\'92re handy\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Throws punch, gets punched right back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. That\u8217\'92s all I needed to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anand on losing in championships:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Logically, you will say, thinking about losing two games is not going to make me feel better, what has happened has happened, let us move on. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s what you\u8217\'92re supposed to do. That\u8217\'92s what most people think will happen. But under the strain and pressure, what very often unfortunately happens is, you make the problem even worse for yourself. You lose one more. And then you lose two more. Somehow you cant stop. Then you go back home, and you know you should be trying to find some hope, but you don\u8217\'92t believe in it, and so you get angry. Its getting worse. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If I were to choke you, youd stop breathing. If you can stop the istil wind, the world would die. Breath of the world. That funny logic.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To you it looks like bravery.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Idea of sunset looking bad. Fortelling weather. Canny instincts}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fred, I never seen a sunset like this in my life. I can\u8217\'92t believe it but we\u8217\'92re goin a have somethin of this. Call the gang out and put the gear on the deck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bozo people, who live on the southern fringes of the sahara, believe the Wind wrestled with water, and water lost, which is the origin of the great desert.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The niger river is all the water that is left from the dawn of time, and the bozo people became its stewards. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Push winds into caves and seal them in with stones.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Finnish wizards sold knotted ropes to mariners - first knot for a breeze, second for a stiff wind, third for a gale, and the fourth for\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 well you dont want to untie the fourth unlness you were in port and your enemy was still at sea.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Joseph conrad Typhoon:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The sudden smashing of a vial of wrath. It seems to explode all around the shihp with an overpowering concussion and a rush of great waters, as if an immense dam had been blown up to windward. In an instant the men lost touch of eachother. This is the disintegrating power of a great wind: it isolates one from one\u8217\'92s kind. A furious gale attacks him like a personal enemy, tries to grasp his limbs, fastens upon his mind, seeks to rout his very spirit out of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some local winds, like the meltemi that rules the greek summers, are based on larger patterns. The meltemi is dependent on the monsoons that center on pakistan in conjunction with the steady high pressure ridge over the balkans. Winds like this are predictabel in patterns. Aristotle, for example, said it arrived after the summer solstice on june 21. Once the meltemi blows a watch may be set by its rhythms. Stirring at ten in the morning, blowing hard around two, dying at six and calm by eight.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When the wind blows the desert trembles. The dunes literally shiver and shift and horizons disappear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A mist or fog of dust as fine as flour, Filling the eyes, the lungs, the pores of the skin, the nose and throat, getting into the locks of rifles, the works of watches and cameras, defiling water, food and everything les, rendering life a burden and acurse. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Air was thick with grit. Stripped of moisture. When the gale is in full cry, visibility is reduced to a few yards. Sand penetrates everything. Grit gets into the food, water, sheets in the hotels. If you close windows, the temperature climbes to 120;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If the ghibli blows forty days, god preserve us from the evil. The camel becomes pregnatn without the intervention of the male. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The air is so impregnated with sand that the air is darkened, the sky appears of a dusky yellow and the sun is barely perceptible. Eyes become red, swelled and inflamed, the lips and skin parched and chapped, while sever pain in the chest in consequence to the quantities of sand unavoidably inhaled. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strips of summer fallow, seared with head, crunched, like old fallen leaves, our wheat. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When drought persisted, the unanchored topsoil began to move. Blowing topsoil drifted across the roads and ralroad tracks, keeping towns and cities bathed in dust and grit inside and out, causeing yellow twilights at midday. ;}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 My husband stood it for two months, a memoir by a saskatchewan farm wife lamented, watching our farm blow away in the winds, listening to that awful whistling, and then one day he hauled open the odor and fought his way out onto the porch, yelling and screaming so hard it broke my heart. Her husband strode off into the gale and was not seen again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  - the tubu. The massif lies mostly in chad, but it stretches north into libya and even west into niger. It is really less a mountain range than it is a rupture in the earth, formed when lava streams forced their way through the planetary skin, leaving a stratum of crystalline rock covered with sandstone. This sandstone was then forced violently upward again as two massive tectonic plates collided, deep within the mantle}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Massif called tibesti}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0   the hot breath of the desert flung itself against emi koussi and scaled rapidly into the upper troposphere. The superheated air rushing up the slopes (in what is called anabatic, or up-mountain, flow) at some point met the cooler, denser air flowing downard (katabaticflow), creating pulses of turbulence, rapid mixing, and the formation of massive thunderheads and ominous, towering black clouds. The sulfurous volcanic air was riven by lightning, and thunder rolled across the ravines, echoing off the boulders that wer scattered like a giant\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s abandoned toy box across the landscape. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On the superheated plains west of the salt mining center of bilma the rains fell, but the air was so hot it flash-evaporated the water before it could reach the ground, and the tuareg nomads could see the cooling water falling without ever feeling it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anaximenes: air is the first principle of things, for from this all things arise and into this all are resolved again.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Its properties were intermediate between fire and water, and air was therefore the basic matter from which these two were formed. Some centuries later PLutarch, who was a great admirer of anaximenes, quoteed hima s saying, \u8216\'91 all things are thus generated by a certain condensation or rarefaction of it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone is the same divine spark, just more or less of it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Medieval arrow - sophisticated and expensive pice of ammunition.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So many stages - cleft wood in squares that you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got toround, you barrel it, tapers at the ends, then cut and fashion the feathers and stick them on with rabbit hide glue - but thats not strong enough so you\u8217\'92ve got to whip-bind that with silk thread. Then youve got to cut a nock and reinfore that with a transverse cut in which you slide a slip of horn. Thats before you\u8217\'92ve got to go to the blacksmith to make arrowheads.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its all about repitition - shoot shoot shoot. Stamina. Phenomenal about of power. Medieval longbow arrow is a tree trunk - a great thump into the enemy. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re hitting him at range. Powerful blow. 10 yards at range, 30 yards,, 40 yards. Hard hits. Slugging. Hard as a sledgehammer. Dependso n the angle of strike. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Longbow - relatively inexpensive weapon for delivering thump after thump after thump.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Terrain defeats an army.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yubitsume - ritual finger shortening - to say im sorry.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Emit the aura of a yakuza. If you look weak or vulnerable, thats it, thats your livlihood gone. Any yakuza can recognize another with just a quick glance. The eyes of a yakuza are different. They are keen and shrewd. Theres this atmosphere created that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s almost comes from his entire body.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Enourmous mob of guys, much too deep to serve any purpose. Get in formation!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hollywood battles - everyone dies. Casualty rate is ridiculous. The result is always that everyone dies. This is just not how battles work. You have a certain number of men in formation, and when they start to see that things are going against them, especially when they realize they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve lost order, they\u8217\'92re going to retreat. They\u8217\'92re going to get out of there, and then they\u8217\'92ll see what happens next. In these formation battles, most of the time, the casualties would be quite low. Its when the cavalry runs you down, thats when the casualties start.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pick off the sides, drive the enemy into a narrow space where the numbers are negated.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Digging a pit or ditch can help enourmously to funnel.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Effective heavy calvary, these horses are shoulder to shoulder.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Run and then slow down and start stabbing in more or less even lines.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dig ditches, many ditches. Once the first ditch is ready, build another one.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In armored combat, there are some hits that you are going to let the opponent have, because you know you can take it. You arent going to defend what doesnt need to be defended.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Almost across the board, people did not make clothes out of leather. Leather biker gear.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Killing a knight at agincourt. This knight has been trained to fight and kill since he was a child. He is very, very good at it. The only way you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got any chance of this, is to get six or seven or eight of your friends, and pile in, all at the same time. Dont take turns, or he\u8217\'92ll kill every single one of you. Four of five have to hold him down, and then one or two of you have to stab him in the eyes or in the gaps in the armor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Determineing ownership of territory with trial by combat.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pointing your sword out like that, so you have nowhere to go with it, doesnt achieve anything.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You point your weapon out like that and he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gonna take it away from you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Arrows stuck in the armor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 COMMAND PHILOSOPHY}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I like to say I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t knokw. What you want is everyone onboard thinking. In an extreme crisis you don\u8217\'92t want to act like you dont know whats going on.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cult: wear you down over days. Get you to divulge your deepest self. What is your greatest pain? Moment of exhultation - from that moment you are hooked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Encapsulate a person. Mimic. Dismiss the pain. They are no longer an individual but part of a collective.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cultish singlemindedness.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sex as a lure. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mirror excercise.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seb thinks he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s smart because he thinks about things. Has his own internal ridiculous logic, and this gives him confidence.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What are you, too scared?\line No.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Too lazy?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Why not then/}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I just don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 YOu just don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to? Do you put any thought into your actions?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seb, Mandri was dead when your brother was killed. He had no choice in the matter. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^^^Seb has this internal conflict between the logic of that statement and the rage he feels.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bully - oh that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mine. Takes it. \u8220\'93Now say thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Learning how to fight - he doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even need instruction. Just need a constant reminder of what it means to lose. That will be enough to stimulate him to learn on his own. Because all battle is really a battle between the desire not to try, and the desire not to lose.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Foods : udder - womb - genitals of female pigs. Womb especially. Tongue. Farms dedicated to a certain creature that gives certain qualities.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kiss the creature on the lips so that the stomach doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t burst in the oven.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When someone is dead, they get closer. FOR SEB - gugi.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91She missed her mother and father more than ever and they\u8217\'92d been dead nine years now, so deeply present in her life that she understood completely how people see ghosts and have conversations with the dead. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 **** Left brain artist = moto}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 **** right brain genius - mazyd}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And it is true that right brain is the true genius. Because right brain has understanding. Get the left brain standing next to a right brain person and the sense of inferiority just oozes off them. They know they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re a charlatan.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re alone for a really long time you learn what\u8217\'92s important to . What kinds of things come to your mind? What do you miss? Maybe this is what mazyd asks individuals.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Mostly I think about shit that went wrong. Like I know good things happened to me. But I cant remember them. Or they just don\u8217\'92t come up.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abrasion. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Drifts of sand by the doors and gatets and everthing was gritty to the touch.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Gugi was up there too, and he had long since spit out his spine because the chewing was making too much noise.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Poisoned sow womb.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is a Turkish proverb about the matter: "When the blind man opens his eyes, he firstly breaks his walking stick."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One who overcomes their weakness would try to erase the memory of it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You can feel their strength just by how they stand and move. The little intricacies. The battle is raging before the swords even come to blows.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Like in chess >>> Play disciplined. Maneuver to be solid. Execute the little things correctly. Dont force anything. Dont overextend. Tactics will come.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Out in the sand the wind is made flesh. God s made flesh. Thin tendrils of ochre and dun, whipping and snapping above the dunes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flameberge- makes it impossible to grab the blade with the hand. No flat even surface.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Animals, when a smell hits them, the react physically, they feel smell. They react like you might react to my fist coming at your face. We call it wind bumping. Scent bumping.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The phrase "witching hour" began at least as early as 1775, in the poem "Night, an Ode." by Rev. Matthew West,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witching_hour#cite_note-West-1"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1]}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~though its origins may go further back to 1535 where the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catholic_Church"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Catholic Church}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~prohibited activities during the 3-4 am timeframe due to emerging fears about\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_witchcraft"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 witchcraft in Europe}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witching_hour#cite_note-tuft-2"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Christian"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Western Christian}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~tradition, the hour between 3 and 4 a.m. was considered a period of peak supernatural activity \endash  this time is also referred to as the "Devil's hour" due to it being a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mocking"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 mocking}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~inversion of the time in which\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesus"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Jesus}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~supposedly died, which was at 3 pm}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A few years back I was in a bad place-deepest hole I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever been in. Lost my job, friends, family\u8217\'92s trust all to drown my pain in alcohol. I\u8217\'92d go on week long benders where I\u8217\'92d drink until I passed out, woke up with the bottle in my hand and kept going. Sometimes I wouldn\u8217\'92t even eat for a couple days. I was fucked. The first time I went through bad withdrawals was rough. Stayed with my parents for a couple days. Dizzy, crying, restless legs, jitters...the whole lot. But it wasn\u8217\'92t enough to stop the drinking. I still hated myself and wanted to just-stop existing. That was the closest I could get to it. Then the second baaaad bender and case of withdrawals. This time all the symptoms were worse and I started dissociating. I didn\u8217\'92t know where or who I was, I\u8217\'92d be fixated on an object and I couldn\u8217\'92t figure out why. Non-responsive. Just an empty husk. When I saw how worried my parents were I knew I needed change in my life but I was too scared to let it go and face the truths about myself; it was just much easier at the time to hide behind my secrets and medicate this way...and then the last one, which was clearly the worst.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Love is the base of all emotion. All others flow from it. Anger comes from love. Hate. Love cannot come from hate. Only with the power of sol can hate become transformed to love.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We would all like to believe that our suffering has made us special -- especially if it gives us a righteous reason to destroy our enemies. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line The answer is the distinction between theological world views and evidentiary world views. Theological world views like the modern Abrahamic faiths have only their holy books to rely on. Interpretations of these holy books change, but the core principles have to be frome the books. Then they look at science and see this theory get altered and adapted over time. Because they are seeing the world from the paradigm of their beliefs, they expect the this 'naturalistic religion' to also be imalliable. They don't understand that science changing with the evidence is a feature, not a bug, and see it as a dogma scrambling to retcon itself before its 'followers convert.' }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 fifth column of wreckers, terrorists and spies }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your an artist?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yes}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A poet?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lets hear one.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well I dont have any goods.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got one coming. Its reall good.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hows it gow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well its a play on words. The universe. One verse. Poetry verse. Theres something in it and I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m having trouble squeezing it out. From there it could go into a few different directions.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was April 22nd 2018. I woke up around 2am still drunk, and opened another beer crying. I hated what I had become and I was so lost. I had given up and had planned to just end it all by downing a bottle of sleeping meds. I called my mom to tell her goodbye and that I loved her, but she knew something was different (I had called like this before, just belligerent and rambling sadness while drunk). I couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t do it and broke down. I told her why I had actually called and she came and picked me up. This time I decided to actually get help. Checked into a facility that morning. Took a year to sober up and straighten out. There are still really hard days that I just want to disappear. But I\u8217\'92m just glad I\u8217\'92m not that man I used to be, I\u8217\'92m glad I decided to hold on a bit longer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Since then, my niece was born and tonight, we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re watching movies together and cuddling. I never would have gotten to experience this if things had been different.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edit: wow...I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to say guys. I went to sleep last night, and woke up to a bunch of really kind replies. I know a couple folks were asking for help too, and once things slow down in my house after holiday shenanigans today, I\u8217\'92ll sit down and reply to what I can. Also, I\u8217\'92ve ne}}