{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knights%27_Revolt"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knights%27_Revolt}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.marxists.org/archive/bax/1894/german-society/ch06.htm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.marxists.org/archive/bax/1894/german-society/ch06.htm}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The campaign was unfortunate from the beginning. Nevertheless, but one of the associated knights saw that the moment was inopportune. The rest were confident of success, and a pretext was speedily found in the fact that Sickingen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feudal superior, the Archbishop of Trier (Treves), had refused to compel two councillors of that city to repay him 5,000 Rhenish guilders (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 g\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u252\'FClden}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) which he had paid as ransom for them to a certain knight, Gerhard B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6rner, who had taken them prisoners. This was a sufficient\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 casus belli}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~for those times; and Sickingen thereupon issued a manifesto in which he declared himself the champion of the gospel, and announced his intention to free the subjects of the archbishop from the temporal yoke of their tyrant, who had acted against God and the imperial majesty, and from the spiritual yoke of godless priests, and to place them in possession of that liberty which the gospel (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 i.e}{\f0\fs24\b0 ., the new gospel of Luther alone could afford.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Secret identity stamp of the peasants}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1850/peasant-war-germany/ch02.htm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1850/peasant-war-germany/ch02.htm}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Between 1517 and 1525, Luther had gone through the same transformations as the German constitutionalists between 1846 and 1849. This has been the case with every middle-class party which, having marched for a while at the head of the movement, has been overwhelmed by the plebeian-proletarian party pressing from the rear.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Luther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sturdy peasant nature asserted itself in the stormiest fashion in the first period of his activities. \u8220\'93If the raging madness [of the Roman churchmen] were to continue, it seems to me no better counsel and remedy could be found against it than that kings and princes apply force, arm themselves, attack those evil people who have poisoned the entire world, and once and for all make an end to this game,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 with arms, not with words}{\f0\fs24\b0 . If thieves are being punished with swords, murderers with ropes, and heretics with fire, why do we not seize, with arms in hand, all those evil teachers of perdition, those popes, bishops, cardinals, and the entire crew of Roman Sodom? Why do we not wash our hands in their blood?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This revolutionary ardour did not last long. The lightning thrust by Luther caused a conflagration. A movement started among the entire German people. In his appeals against the clergy, in his preaching of Christian freedom, peasants and plebeians perceived the signal for insurrection. Likewise, the moderate middle-class and a large section of the lower nobility joined him, and even princes were drawn into the torrent. While the former believed the day had come in which to wreak vengeance upon all their oppressors, the latter only wished to break the power of the clergy, the dependence upon Rome, the Catholic hierarchy, and to enrich themselves through the confiscation of church property.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The parties became separated from each other, and each found a different spokesman. Luther had to choose between the two. Luther, the prot\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9g\u233\'E9 of the Elector of Saxony, the respected professor of Wittenberg who had become powerful and famous overnight, the great man who was surrounded by a coterie of servile creatures and flatterers, did not hesitate a moment. He dropped the popular elements of the movement, and joined the train of the middle-class, the nobility and the princes. Appeals to war of extermination against Rome were heard no more. Luther was now preaching\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 peaceful progress}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and passive resistance. (Cf.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 To the nobility of the German nation,}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~1520, etc.) Invited by Hutten to visit him and Sickingen in the castle of Ebern, the centre of the noble conspiracy against clergy and princes, Luther replied:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I should not like to see the Gospel defended by force and bloodshed.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 The world was conquered by the Word, the Church has maintained itself by the Word, the Church will come into its own again through the Word, and as Antichrist gained ascendancy without violence, so without violence he will fall.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There were valid reasons why Luther, now the recognised representative of middle-class reform, chose to preach lawful progress. The mass of the cities had joined the cause of moderate reform; the lower nobility became more and more devoted to it; one section of the princes joined it, another vacillated. Success was almost certain at least in a large portion of Germany. Under continued peaceful development the other regions could not in the long run withstand the pressure of moderate opposition. Violent convulsions, on the other hand, were bound to result in a conflict between the moderates and the extreme plebeian and peasant party, thus to alienate the princes, the nobility, and a number of cities from the movement and to leave open the alternative of either the middle-class party being overshadowed by the peasants and plebeians, or the entire movement being crushed by Catholic restoration. How middle-class parties, having achieved the slightest victory, attempt to steer their way between the Scylla of revolution and the Charybdis of restoration by means of lawful progress, we have had occasions enough to observe in the events of recent times.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was in the nature of the then prevailing social and political conditions that the results of every change were advantageous to the princes, increasing their power. Thus it came about that the middle-class reform, having parted ways with the plebeian and peasant elements, fell more and more under the control of the reform princes. Luther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s subservience to them increased, and the people knew very well what they were doing when they accused him of having become a slave of the princes as were all the others, and when they pursued him with stones in Orlamuende.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 When the peasant war broke out, becoming more predominant in regions with Catholic nobility and princes, Luther strove to maintain a conciliatory position. He resolutely attacked the governments. He said it was due to their oppression that the revolts had started, that not the peasants alone were against them, but God as well. On the other hand, he also said that the revolt was ungodly and against the Gospel. He advised both parties to yield, to reach a peaceful understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Notwithstanding these sincere attempts at conciliation, however, the revolt spread rapidly over large areas, including such sections as were dominated by Protestant Lutheran princes, nobles and cities, and rapidly outgrew the middle-class \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93circumspect\u8221\'94 reform. The most determined faction of the insurgents under Muenzer opened their headquarters in Luther\u8217\'92s very proximity, in Thuringia. A few more successes, and Germany would have been one big conflagration, Luther would have been surrounded, perhaps piked as a traitor, and middle-class reform would have been swept away by the tides of a peasant-plebeian revolution. There was no more time for circumspection. In the face of the revolution, all old animosities were forgotten. Compared with the hordes of peasants, the servants of the Roman Sodom were innocent lambs, sweet-tempered children of God. Burgher and prince, noble and clergyman, Luther and the pope united \u8220\'93against the murderous and plundering hordes of the peasants.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93They should be knocked to pieces, strangled and stabbed, secretly and openly, by everybody who can do it, just as one must kill a mad dog!\u8221\'94 Luther cried. \u8220\'93Therefore, dear gentlemen, hearken here, save there, stab, knock, strangle them at will, and if thou diest, thou art blessed; no better death canst thou ever attain.\u8221\'94 No false mercy was to be practised in relation to the peasants. \u8220\'93Whoever hath pity on those whom God pities not, whom He wishes punished and destroyed, shall be classed among the rebellious himself.\u8221\'94 Later, he said, the peasants would learn to thank God when they had to give away one cow in order that they might enjoy the other in peace. Through the revolution, he said, the princes would learn the spirit of the mob which could reign by force only. \u8220\'93The wise man says:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Cibus, onus et virgam asino.\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The heads of the peasants are full of chaff. They do not hearken to the Word, and they are senseless, so they must hearken to the virga and the gun, and this is only just. We must pray for them that they obey. Where they do not, there should not be much mercy. Let the guns roar among them, or else they will make it a thousand times worse.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Luther had given the plebeian movement a powerful weapon \endash  a translation of the Bible. Through the Bible, he contrasted feudal Christianity of his time with moderate Christianity of the first century. In opposition to decaying feudal society, he held up the picture of another society which knew nothing of the ramified and artificial feudal hierarchy. The peasants had made extensive use of this weapon against the forces of the princes, the nobility, and the clergy. Now Luther turned the same weapon against the peasants, extracting from the Bible a veritable hymn to the authorities ordained by God \endash  a feat hardly exceeded by any lackey of absolute monarchy. Princedom by the grace of God, passive resistance, even serfdom, were being sanctioned by the Bible. Thus Luther repudiated not only the peasant insurrection but even his own revolt against religious and lay authority. He not only betrayed the popular movement to the princes, but the middle-class movement as well.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thomas Muenzer was born in Stolberg, in the Harz, in 1498. It is said that his father died on the scaffold, a victim of the wilfulness of the Count of Stolberg.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mediaeval mystics, especially the chiliastic works of Joachim of Calabria,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1850/peasant-war-germany/notes.htm#14"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 14]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~were the main subject of his studies}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Muenzer at that time was still theologian before everything else. He directed his attacks almost exclusively against the priests. He did not, however, preach quiet debate and peaceful progress, as Luther had begun to do at that time, but he continued the early violent preachments of Luther, appealing to the princes of Saxony and the people to rise in arms against the Roman priests. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it not Christ who said: \u8216\'91I have come to bring, not peace, but the sword\u8217\'92? What can you [the princes of Saxony] do with that sword? You can do only one thing: If you wish to be the servants of God, you must drive out and destroy the evil ones who stand in the way of the Gospel. Christ ordered very earnestly (Luke, 19, 27): \u8216\'91But these mine enemies, that would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.\u8217\'92 Do not resort to empty assertions that the power of God could do it without aid of our sword, since then it would have to rust in its sheath. We must destroy those who stand in the way of God\u8217\'92s revelation, we must do it mercilessly, as Hezekiah, Cyrus, Josiah, Daniel and Elias destroyed the priests of Baal, else the Christian Church will never come back to its origins. We must uproot the weeds in God\u8217\'92s vineyard at the time when the crops are ripe. God said in the Fifth Book of Moses, 7, \u8216\'91Thou shalt not show mercy unto the idolators, but ye shall break down their altars, dash in pieces their graven images and burn them with fire that I shall not be wroth at you.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 But these appeals to the princes were of no avail, whereas the revolutionary agitation among the people grew day by day. Muenzer, whose ideas became more definitely shaped and more courageous, now definitely relinquished the middle-class reformation, and at the same time appeared as a direct political agitator.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 - that the act of calling something a rock is what creates the rock. As much as the "rock" exists as a physical object with observable properties, there is no natural boundary between "rock" and "pebble" and "sand."\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His theologic-philosophic doctrine attacked all the main points not only of Catholicism but of Christianity as such. Under the cloak of Christian forms, he preached a kind of pantheism, which curiously resembles the modern speculative mode of contemplation, and at times even taught open atheism. He repudiated the assertion that the Bible was the only infallible revelation. The only living revelation, he said, was reason, a revelation which existed among all peoples at all times. To contrast the Bible with reason, he maintained, was to kill the spirit by the latter, for the Holy Spirit of which the Bible spoke was not a thing outside of us; the Holy Spirit was our reason. Faith, he said, was nothing else but reason become alive in man, therefore, he said, pagans could also have faith. Through this faith, through reason come to life, man became godlike and blessed, he said. Heaven was to be sought in this life, not beyond, and it was, according to Muenzer, the task of the believers to establish Heaven, the kingdom of God, here on earth. As there is no Heaven in the beyond, so there is no Hell in the beyond, and no damnation, and there are no devils but the evil desires and cravings of man. Christ, he said, was a man, as we are, a prophet and a teacher, and his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lord\u8217\'92s Supper\u8221\'94 is nothing but a plain meal of commemoration wherein bread and wine are being consumed with mystic additions.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b0 <$Scr_H::1>T}{\f0\fs48\b0 homas M\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCntzer<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What you must do is endure patiently, and learn how God himself will root out your weeds, thistles and thorns from the rich soil which is your heart. Otherwise nothing good will grow there, only the raging devil... Even if you have already devoured all the books of the Bible, you must still suffer the sharp edge of the plough-share}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_M%C3%BCntzer#cite_note-FOOTNOTEM%C3%BCntzer1988199-30"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 28]}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 On the very eve of Battle at Frankenhausen, he had this to say to the people of Allstedt:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 May the pure fear of God be with you, dear brothers. You must remain unperturbed. If you fail to do so, then your sacrifice is in vain, your heart-sad, heart-felt suffering. You would then have to start suffering all over again... If you are unwilling to suffer for the sake of God, then you will to be martyrs for the devil}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 from Luther, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93that easy living flesh of Wittenberg,\u8221\'94 Muenzer called him.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ungodly have no right to live, he said, save by the mercy of the chosen ones. If the princes would not exterminate the ungodly, he asserted, God would take their sword from them because the right to wield the sword belongs to the community. The source of the evil of usury, thievery and robbery, he said, were the princes and the masters who had taken all creatures into their private possession \endash  the fishes in the water, the birds in the air, the plants in the soil. And the usurpers, he said, still preached to the poor the commandment, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thou shalt not steal,\u8221\'94 while they grabbed everything, and robbed and crushed the peasant and the artisan. \u8220\'93When, however, one of the latter commits the slightest transgression,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93he has to hang, and Dr. Liar says to all this: Amen.\u8221\'94 The masters themselves created a situation, he argued, in which the poor man was forced to become their enemy. If they did not remove the causes of the upheaval, how could things improve in times to come? he asked. \u8220\'93Oh, my dear gentlemen, how the Lord will smite with an iron rod all these old pots! When I say so, I am considered rebellious. So be it!\u8221\'94 (Cf. Zimmermann\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Peasant War,}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~II, p. 75.)}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Already among these precursors of the movement we notice an asceticism which is to be found in all mediaeval uprisings that were tinged with religion, and also in modern times at the beginning of every proletarian movement. This austerity of behaviour, this insistence on relinquishing all enjoyment of life, contrasts the ruling classes with the principle of Spartan equality. Nevertheless, it is a necessary transitional stage, without which the lowest strata of society could never start a movement. }{\f0\fs24\b1 In order to develop revolutionary energy, in order to become conscious of their own hostile position towards all other elements of society, in order to concentrate as a class, the lower strata of society must begin with stripping themselves of everything that could reconcile them to the existing system of society. They must renounce all pleasures which would make their subdued position in the least tolerable and of which even the severest pressure could not deprive them. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Gradually, this asceticism disappears from among the masses. Among the sects with which it survives, it degenerates either into bourgeois parsimony or into high-sounding virtuousness which, in the end, is nothing more than Philistine or guild-artisan niggardliness. Besides, renunciation of pleasures need not be preached to the proletariat for the simple reason that it has almost nothing to renounce.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All the prophets of rebellion started with appeals against sin, because, in fact, only a violent exertion, a sudden renunciation of all habitual forms of existence could bring into unified motion a disunited, widely scattered generation of peasants grown up in blind submission.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For several months Hans the Piper preached before the masses. He did not intend, however, to confine himself to preaching. He was in secret communication with the priest of Niklashausen and with two knights, Kunz of Thunfeld and his son, who accepted the new gospel and were singled out as the military leaders of the planned insurrection. Finally, on the Sunday preceding the day of St. Kilian, when the shepherd believed his power to be strong enough, he gave the signal. He closed his sermon with the following words: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And now go home, and weigh in your mind what our Holiest Madonna has announced to you, and on the coming Saturday leave your wives and children and old men at home, but you, you men, come back here to Niklashausen on the day of St. Margaret, which is next Saturday, and bring with you your brothers and friends, as many as they may be. Do not come with pilgrims\u8217\'92 staves, but covered with weapons and ammunition, in one hand a candle, in the other a sword and a pike or halberd, and the Holy Virgin will then announce to you what she wishes you to do.\u8221\'94 But before the peasants came in masses, the horsemen of the bishop seized the prophet of rebellion at night, and brought him to the Castle of Wuerzburg. On the appointed day, 34,000 armed peasants appeared, but the news had a discouraging effect on the mass; the majority went home, the more initiated retained about 16,000 with whom they moved to the castle under the leadership of Kunz of Thunfeld and his son Michael. The bishop, by means of promises, persuaded them to go home, but as soon as they began to disperse, they were attacked by the bishop\u8217\'92s horsemen, and many were imprisoned. Two were decapitated, and Hans the Piper was burned. Kunz of Thunfeld fled, and was allowed to return only at the price of ceding all his estates to the monastery. Pilgrimages to Niklashausen continued for some time, but were finally suppressed.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Heemskerk}{ \line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The conspirators demanded the plundering and extermination of the Jews, whose usury then, as now, sucked the blood of the peasants of Alsace, the introduction of a jubilee year to cancel all debts, the abolition of taxes, tolls and other burdens, the abolition of the ecclesiastical and Rottweil (imperial) court, the right to ratify taxation, the reduction of the priests\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 incomes to a prebend of between fifty and sixty guilders, the abolition of the auricular confession, and the establishment in the communities of courts elected by the communities themselves.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The conspirators planned, as soon as they became strong enough, to overpower the stronghold of Schlettstadt, to confiscate the treasuries of the monasteries and the city, and from there to arouse the whole of Alsace. The banner of the union to be unfurled at the moment of insurrection, contained a peasant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoe with long leather strings, the so-called Union Shoe, which gave a symbol and a name to the peasant conspiracies of the following twenty years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The conspirators held their meetings at night on the lonesome Hungerberg.\~The authorities immediately intervened. Many of the conspirators were arrested and put on the rack, to be quartered or decapitated. Many were crippled by chopping their hands and fingers, and driven out of the country. A large number fled to Switzerland. The Union Shoe, however, was far from being annihilated and continued its existence in secret. Numerous exiles, spread over Switzerland and South Germany, became its emissaries. Finding everywhere the same oppression and the same inclination towards revolt, they spread the Union Shoe over the territory of present-day Baden. The greatest admiration is due the tenacity and endurance with which the peasants of upper Germany conspired for thirty years after 1493, with which they overcame the obstacles to a more centralised organisation in spite of the fact that they were scattered over the countryside, and with which, after numberless dispersions, defeats, executions of leaders, they renewed their conspiracies over and over again, until an opportunity came for a mass upheav}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After this new defeat, there followed a prolonged period of apparent quiet in the class struggles. The work, however, was continued in an underground way. Already, in the first years of the Sixteenth Century,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Poor Konrad}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was formed in Suabia, apparently in connection with the scattered members of the Union Shoe. In the Black Forest, the Union Shoe continued in isolated circles until, ten years later, an energetic peasant leader succeeded in uniting the various threads and combining them into a great conspiracy. Both conspiracies became public, one shortly after the other, in the restless years from 1513 to 1515, in which the Swiss, Hungarian and Slovenian peasants made a series of significant insurrections.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The man who restored the Upper Rhenish Union Shoe was Joss Fritz of Untergrombach, a fugitive from the conspiracy of 1502, a former soldier, in all respects an outstanding figure. After his flight, he had kept himself in various localities between the Lake Constance and the Black Forest, and finally settled as a vassal near Freiburg in Breisgau, where he even became a forester. Interesting details as to the manner in which he reorganised the Union from this point of vantage and as to the skill with which he managed to attract people of different character, are contained in the investigations. It was due to the diplomatic talent and the untiring endurance of this model conspirator that a considerable number of people of the most divergent classes became involved in the Union: knights, priests, burghers, plebeians and peasants, and it is almost certain that he organised several grades of the conspiracy, one more or less sharply divided from the other. All serviceable elements were utilised with the greatest circumspection and skill. Outside of the initiated emissaries who wandered over the country in various disguises, the vagrants and beggars were used for subordinate missions. Joss stood in direct communication with the beggar kings, and through them he held in his hand the numerous vagabond population. In fact, the beggar kings played a considerable role in his conspiracy. Very original figures they were, these beggar kings. One roamed the country with a girl using her seemingly wounded feet as a pretext for begging; he wore more than eight insignia on his hat \endash  the fourteen deliverers, St. Ottilie, Our Mother in Heaven, etc.; besides, he wore a long red beard, and carried a big knotty stick with a dagger and pike. Another, begging in the name of St. Velten, offered spices and worm-seeds; he wore a long iron-coloured coat, a red barret, with the Baby of Trient attached thereto, a sword at his side, and many knives and a dagger on his girdle. Others had artificial open wounds, besides similar picturesque attire.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain }