{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This book of short stories really fucks you up as a writer. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to remember this was his entire life here. Not one-year of short stories.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that time he was spending all kinds of money around women trying to make himself seem a man and fool people, but it did\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any effect on people that knew anything about him. He owed me over 600 pesos and he wouldn\u8217\'92t pay me. }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8693FEC9-8F60-4501-B962-FE77042FBB6E"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you want it now?\u8221\'94 he\u8217\'92d say. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you trust me? Aren\u8217\'92t we friends?\u8221\'94}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 There\u8217\'92s a queen for you. You can\u8217\'92t touch them. Nothing, nothing can touch them. They spend money on themselves or for vanity, but they never pay. Try to get one to pay. I told him what I thought of him right there o the Gran Via, in front of three friends, but he speaks to me now when I meet him as though we were friends. What kind of blood is it that makes a man like that?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A Natural History of the Dead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When that persevereing traveller, Mungo Park, was at one period of his course fainting in the vast wilderness of an african desert, naked and alone, considering his days as numbered and nothing appearing to remain for him to do but to lie down and die, a small moss-flower of extraordinary beauty caught his eye. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Though the whole plant,\u8221\'94 says he, \u8220\'93was no larger than one of my fingers, I could not contemplate the delicate conformation of its roots, leaves and capsules without admiration. Can the being who planted, watered and brought to perfection in this obscure part of the world, a thing which appears of so small importance, look with unconcern upon the situation and suffering of creatures formed after his own image? Surely not. Reflections like these would not allow me to despair; I started p and, disregarding both hunger and fatigue, travelled forawrd, assured that relief was at hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In war teh dead are usually the male of the human species although this does not hold true with animals, and I have frequently seen dead mares among the horses. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most of those mules that I saw dead were along mountain roads or lying at the foot of steep declivities whence they had been pushed to rid the road of their encumbrnce.  THey seemed a fitting enough sight in the mountains where one was accustomed to their presence and looked less incongruous there than they did later, at Smyrna, where the Greeks broke the legs of all their baggage animals and pushed them off the quy into the shallow water to drown. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Regarding teh sex of the dead it is a fact that one becomes so accustomed to the sight of all the dead men that the sight of a dead woman is quite shocking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We agreed too that the picking up of the fragments had been an extraordinary business; it being amazing that the human body should be blown into pieces which wxploded along no anatomical lines, but rather divided as capriciously as the fragmentation in the burst of a high explosive shell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Color change in caucasian races is from white to yellow to yellow-green to black. If left long enough in the heat the flesh comes to resemble coal-tar- especially where it has been broken or torn, and It has a quite a visible tarlike iridescence. They grow larger each day until sometimes they become to big for their uniforms, filling these until they seem blown tight enough to burst. The individual members may increase in girth to an unbelievable extent and face fill as taut and globular as balloons. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The smeel cannot be remembered. IT is gon as completely as when you have been in love; you remember thigns that happened, but the sensation cannot be recalled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing you found about the dead was that, hit badly enough, they died like animals. Some quickly from a little wound you would not think would kill a rabbit. Some died like cats; a skull broken in and iron in the brain, they lie alive two days like cats that crawl into the coal bin with a bullet in the brain and will not die until you cut their heads off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only natural death I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever seen, outside of loss of blood, which isn\u8217\'92t bad, was death from Spanish influenza. In this you drown in mucus, choking, and how you know the patient\u8217\'92s dead is: at the end he turns to be a little child again, though with his manly force, and fills the sheets as full as any diaper with on vast, final, yellow cataract that flows and dribbles on after he\u8217\'92s gone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85that had seen the hot weather with a half pint of maggots working where their mouths have been. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85wearing an alpine hat with an eagle feather in it and a hole in front you couldn\u8217\'92t put your little finger in and a hole in the back you could put your fist in, if iti were a small fist and you wanted to put it there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A peasant with a black beard and high leather boots stood beside the grave. The sexton stopped shovelling and straightened his back. The peasant in the high boots took the spade from the sexton and went on filling in the grave -> It\u8217\'92s the way he repeats \u8216\'91peasant in the high boots\u8217\'92  - reduces the man to a peasant in high boots. A prop. No room for dimension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NO pronouns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The reset of the time it was spoiled by the sun. We were both tired of the sun. You could not get away from the sun.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemingway: the only shadows were made by rocks or by they hut that was built under the protection of a rock beside a glacier, and in the shade the sweat froze in your underclothing. You could not sit outside the hut without dark glasses. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemingway: German peasant came to bury his wife: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. He can only come, from where he lives, on skis until the snow melts. SO today he brought her in to be buried and the priest, when he looked at her face, didn\u8217\'92t want to bury her. You go on and tell it,\u8221\'94 he said to the sexton. \u8220\'93SPek German, not dialect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was very funny with the priest,\u8221\'94 said the sexton. \u8220\'93In the report to the commune she died of heart trouble. We knew she had heart trouble here. She used to faint in church sometimes. She did not come for a long time. She wasn\u8217\'92t strong to climb. When the priest uncovered her face he asked Olz, \u8216\'91Did your wife suffer much?\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91No,\u8217\'92 said Olz. \u8216\'91When I came in the house she was dead across the bed.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The priest looked at her again, He didn\u8217\'92t like it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91How did her face get that way?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91I dont know\u8217\'92, Olz said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91Youd better find out,\u8217\'92 the priest said, and put the blanket back. Olz didn\u8217\'92t say anything. THe priest looked at him. Olz looked back at the priest. \u8216\'91You want to know?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91 I must know\u8217\'92, the priest said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is where it\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 the innkeeper said. \u8220\'93Listen to this. Go on Franz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91 Well,\u8217\'92 said Olz, \u8216\'91when she died I made the report to the commune and I put her in the shed across the top of the big wood. When I started to use the big wood she was stiff and I put her up against the wall. Her mouth was open and when I came into the shed at night to cut up the big wood, I hung the lantern from it.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91 Why did you do that?\u8217\'92 asked the priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8217\'92 said Olz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91 Did you do that many times?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91Every time I went to work in the shed at night.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91It was very wrong,\u8217\'92 said the priest. \u8216\'91Did you love your wife?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91Ja, I loved her,\u8217\'92 Olz said. \u8216\'91I loved her fine.\u8217\'92 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because it was a very cheerful place, and because really cheerful people are usually the bravest, and the braveset get killed quickest, a big part of chicote\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old customers are now dead.}}