{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elon musk is a true libertarian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worst nightmare, because he\u8217\'92s a sign that the capitalist system is not capable of being saved.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First - what is the purpose of a free market}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - find the people who are the best at distributing resources. You do this by letting them compete. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re testing a person\u8217\'92s ability to work/shrewedness/crunch numbers/anticipate developments/etc. In a clean competetive environement, no doubt this works wonders. But change that environment, and \u8216\'91business acumen\u8217\'92 begins to test for different factors - it\u8217\'92s not how smart you are, it\u8217\'92s who you know, the impression you give, how good you are at petitioning government for money.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not necessarily dime a dozen. Maybe a nickel a dozen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Many writers communicated that crusading was holy warfare, meaning that it was a just war that was not only authorized but also realized by God himself. In theological terms, then, God was the one taking action; God was the one waging war. Crusaders were divine tools, rather than moral agents in their own right. It was this belief that led one monk, Guibert of Nogent, to title his account of the First Crusade \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Deeds of God done through the Franks\u8221\'94 (he was not-so-subtly revising an earlier, and in his opinion theologically crude account, titled \u8220\'93The Deeds of the Franks\u8221\'94). Of course, if a crusade was a holy war, then the enemies of crusading were enemies of God and the whole\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://smarthistory.org/christianity-an-introduction/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Christian faith}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , not just enemies of particular Christians\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that was precisely how\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://smarthistory.org/introduction-to-islam/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Muslims}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and other crusader targets were depicted in many pro-crusade accounts.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }