{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What felt like a full day passed before the dull howl of the storm outside subsided. When it was gone, Mandri was forced out of the ladder room so that Ayram could punch his way through the glutted hole in the ceiling. The first stab of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spear saw a tumble of bricks fall down to the ground, and the second sent a stream of sand pouring into the room. It poured for a worrying while, it spilled out even into the tunnel, but eventually it trickled to a stop when the mound reached Ayram\u8217\'92s waist. A few more stabs of Ayram\u8217\'92s spear encouraged a further collapse of stone and after that the glorious golden light of day shone through. Ayram climbed out, then called for his people to join him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri emerged into the fresh desert air and felt like he was discovering the world for the first time. What once had been a tiny temple floor was now the bottom of a conical pit of sand. Ayram was standing up on the rim of this crater, reckoning the storm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s track. He said it was headed north-to-northeast. That meant it would block the Hrks from that direction, and that meant the best path forward was towards the Goree Pass. For his plans to succeed, they would be traveling during daylight hours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They departed in much the same fashion as they had arrived, with Seb a long ways out in front, followed by Ayram and Moto, followed by Mandri carrying Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 along with a ridiculous sword and two sacks of charmed rocks. The women remained the rear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri set out with great deal of excitement, as the energy of the passing storm still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t left him. That sandstorm, now darkening the northern wastes, was the most incredible thing he\u8217\'92d ever experienced while sober. It had him thinking about the pilgrim\u8217\'92s tune, how they proclaimed the desert\u8217\'92s stark beauty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But this sentiment did not last long. The sun was up, the heat was rising,  and as it is in the world of the Sand, when the wind blows, the sand accumulates. Sand attracts sand attracts sand. It sneaks into the shoes, shimmies under the nails, it chokes, and stifles, and narrows the world. And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how it was for the vast majority of journey to the Goree pass\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 head down, plodding through sand. But it was a long journey, and the dull passing of it was punctuated here and there by finds and events.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first object of note was a half-buried corpse of a large lizard, maybe half Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s size. It was freshly dead from the storm, though it didn\u8217\'92t look it, as most of its flesh had been stripped down to the bone by the the blasting sand, and what was left was being torn up by a herd of flying beetles that looked like green jewels. Seb briefly stopped to collect as many of these beetles as he could. He offered one to Mandri, but Mandri declined. Seb said, \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re good chewin\u8217\'92, but I don\u8217\'92t got the teeth for \u8216\'91em anymore.\u8221\'94 He then proceeded to suck out it\u8217\'92s innards like it were an oyster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few feet away from this dead lizard was a living one of the same species. Moteah called it a garool, and she said they slept unstirred under the sand for years and years until the rains came, and they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wake up, mate, lay eggs, feast  to it\u8217\'92s somnolence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Halfway though that first day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s journey, Mandri realized he hadn\u8217\'92t rubbed himself down with kell oil. This thought possessed as he walked with the Ayramun. The sand crunched underfoot, and his footprints little humps in the flat faces, and he wondered if these were enough to build dunes themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl offered Mandri a snack of kinks. A kink was a yellow nut the size of a tooth, with black spots on either end. They were quite bitter. Mandri preferred the bland hardtack. Purl said that kinks were better for him than hardtack because they have healing properties. She said that there were mice living in the Sand that, if he could believe it, subsist entirely on kinks. It gets them through the severest droughts. She once had a pet mouse and was careful to never let it drink. It lived on a diet of kinks until the mousey old age of seven. Mandri doubted the story, but he did not do so out loud, as earlier that day he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen her lagging behind the others with tears streaming down her face. Elrahet and Moteah were walking in front of her, oblivious, or perhaps they had been the cause and didn\u8217\'92t care. Whatever the story, Purl was a more broken creature than she looked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The evening sun brought them out of the sandstorm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wake and onto solid clay. In this part of the desert there were bushes and few stunted trees with swirling trunks. Ayram propped his great pack up against one of them, then lay against it to get some rest. He permitted Seb to build a smokeless fire. Mandri felt smart in reminding everyone that a Mazydariga didn\u8217\'92t need smoke to find them, and he was told that the Hrks were not the only ones from which he needed to hide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They sat around the fire, ate and drank, Mandri was allowed a swig of wine. The conversed about the features of the terrain ahead and the difficulties they would face. Conversation eventually turned to the Great Solgi Erg. Mandri made the mistake of calling it the Solgi Erg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Great}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Solgi Erg,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Elrahet corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My apologies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plenty of Solgi ergs, only one of them is Great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Great Solgi Erg scoured the eastern rib of the continent. It was not a feature they would encounter, but whenever the subject of sand dunes arise, it is always compared the Erg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet knows the story of the Erg\u8217\'92s creation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one knows the story,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you said\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are old accounts, said to have come straight from the mouth of Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those are lies. No truth survives unscathed from the age when Solraheen deigned to shape His voice into word, for that age was long before the age of signs and symbols. The story I know is one shaped by memory, and memory is mostly one big belly-aching lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Solraheen made those mountains of sand a long time ago, back when he walked the earth alone. That is all that can be said for the truth of it. Everything else is in doubt. The very name is in doubt. You know those dunes as the Great Solgi Erg for you were brought up in this Solitant infested world, but those dunes have other names. Older names. Which is the true name? Who can say?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Solitants say that Solraheen planted a stick in the ground to mark one of His garden\u8217\'92s six corners. Then he left to who-knows-where to measure out the rest of it. His passing along the surface of the earth kicked up the first wind, the Shulsai, and this wind circled the earth and came back around to puff upon that planted stick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Shulsai blew sand against the stick and soon a little embryo of a sand dune was built up in the stick\u8217\'92s lee. Nine moons later, and that fledgling dune had grown up to swallow the stick whole. All it took was that one dune, and soon the Primal Erg was belly-full and rolling across the world, leaving littler ergs in its wake. It pushed to the edge of land, and there it stopped. It has been bleeding into the sea ever since, half the size of what it once was. That is what we call the Great Solgi Erg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now Mandri,\u8221\'94 Moto said when Elrahet was finished, \u8220\'93Do you think Solraheen meant to do it? Do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 think}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He knew, that after planting that stick in the ground, that a whole sand sea would swell up around it? Did He do it on purpose?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think Solraheen makes mistakes,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yessss,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, with the \u8216\'91s\u8217\'92 sliding int. \u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s what the Solitants say. They call it the Solgi Erg, and they call it that because it means Solraheen\u8217\'92s gift. Yet I heard it called the Great Solzima Erg, and zima means\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do you know what it means? It means shame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These Old Believers claimed that if Solraheen had intended for the dunes to form, he would have built them with his own two hands as he did with everything else in his garden. What\u8217\'92s more is, why should He want to turn good black earth into a mountain of useless sand? They could not believe that He could wander off into the middle of the world to shape lakes that reflect the light of the divine, fill them with creatures of unfathomable grace and beauty, and yet at the same time he left the Erg to struggle up on it\u8217\'92s own, a basic sameness of stuff with no redeeming qualities. All it did was procreate and ripple the wind. Hah! Same could be said for people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Old Believers say that when Solraheen made it back around to the eastern rib of the world and saw the Erg standing there he fell into a deep despair. It would take a millennia to clean up those dunes, even for him. He created the rains to try and wash them away, but that did not work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that\u8217\'92s not the story that I\u8217\'92ve been told,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? You should see that terrifying dune for yourself and despair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have seen it. From the water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From the water, he says.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been by Solitants, boy. Yes, I know their story. Solraheen knew the winds, He knew the appetite of the sand, for He made them. They say that Solraheen, in His infinite wisdom, He knew how to create every kind of thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the birds of the air, the fish of the sea, you and me, but He is the ultimate creator, and he delights in different mediums, and so He set married the wind and sand together and their oldest child is Erg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See how Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers across Sand, they say. And think of the variety. There are tidal dunes in the lee of hills, echoing dunes on the windward side. Crescent dunes, snake dunes, crater dunes rimmed with grass. Go to the and marvel at the array of arcs spanning out to the horizon, or the perfectly flat ridges of t Seedra, drifting across the land. There are stripes, domes, lizardfeet, hairpins, scallops, stars, all varying in size in temperament to rival any family of flowers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The dunes are pigment, they say, the wind is the brush, and Solraheen\u8217\'92s mind is the hand which sets it all in motion. As the Dunes move they create themselves and everything else. They\u8217\'92re fond of saying that. They\u8217\'92re living, as much as you and I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they drift across the plain and eat the rocks, and they poop them out behind, the parts they can\u8217\'92t digest. Some say they have Sparks. You can hear them howl if you stop and listen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plant a leg in the sand, as Solraheen planted his stick, and the wave you create will become a mountain, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s passing will resound throughout eternity. That\u8217\'92s the first lesson. Mere existence is enough to change the world. Hopeful isn\u8217\'92t it. I hope you don\u8217\'92t believe it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That night revealed a cloud of stars. These were prime walking hours. The world was blue and chilly. They passed by distant dunes with dark streaks in them. Moto called them weeping dunes, large weeping dunes. The dark lines were streaks of water seeping out onto the surface. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said that men had died crawling around weeping dunes, trying to sop their dried tongues on the damp sand. He called it the cruelest thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the water is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  but you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t drink it, you\u8217\'92ll get a mouthful of sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram told Seb to not venture so far ahead. He said that from now on, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to stick together.\u8221\'94 Seb became prickly after that. Would only respond to his name with a despondent sneer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri told Purl about Gil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri found a lucky stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a hollow tube of rock scrubbed smooth by sand. When Moteah poured water onto it, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ruddy surface took on the sheen of glass. Obo said it wasn\u8217\'92t a stone, but a reed. Mandri put it in with the rest of his lucky stones anyways. He\u8217\'92d spent a lot of time trying to thing of uses for them, but as of yet had nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next morning they stumbled upon a deep well in the middle of nowhere. None present had ever seen it before, though it was huge, two-men wide, and included a full set of stairs zig-zagging down the to the bottom some fifty yards away. The water it contained was salty and brackish. Moto lowered a bucket and excitedly called out that there fish in it. They were the ugliest little minnows Mandri had ever seen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 blind fish with pulpy membranes were there should have been eyes. They stopped and cooked the lot of them in a stew. It was not delicious.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb began an argument with his own damned self. The premise: if you take a barrel full of water and put a live fish in it, the water overflows, but if you put a dead fish in it, the water does not overflow. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say this implies something or other about the Spark, but then he\u8217\'92d immediately discount it, and he went on like this for half a hand until Obo asked the man if he\u8217\'92d ever actually put a dead fish into a barrel of water. Seb hadn\u8217\'92t, so he filled a bowl with water, put a dead fish in it, and found that it bowl overflowed. He did not know what to make of this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the well came a natron flat two miles long and as many wide. Seb broke off small chunks of the white stuff and rubbed it on his few remaining teeth, said it had medicinal properties. Mandri knew it for its use in pigments. A tiny amount mixed in with quartz sand and copper ore made a blue called Campor Blue, called as such because the most vibrant hues came from Campor, where more than an hundred slaves spent their days sorting the quartz sand for impurities grain by grain with tweezers. Only the cleanest, purest grains of crystal were worthy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl found this fact distasteful instead of impressive. Mandri was quick to agree. They crossed the flat without much incident. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried on three separate occasions to finagle some burgeons out of Seb. He was denied each time, and each time Seb grew angrier and angrier. He got so mad that he threatened to kill Mandri. When that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, he threatened to kill the burgeons. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t believe him, but that night Seb pulled out one of those beautiful eyes and he threw it into the dark as far as he could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From that point on, Mandri reduced himself to suggestions and hints. When that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, he looked for opportunities to steal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 moto lessons}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They slept, each noon, for five hands. They propped up woolen blankets on bushes for shade, and Mandri was allowed to share one of these with Purl. body still, he could hear Purl breathing and his libido in his ears. Somehow, despite sleeping so close to a woman, there was no pounding in his ears. Unusual for Mandri. He told Obo about it, because by now they talked about most things, and Obo had an explanation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrkan hardtack Mandri was eating was mixed with succor of salt. Succor of salt is an anaphrodisiac. It curbs the libido. The Lords don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want their troops fornicating with themselves or even the people they\u8217\'92re supposed to be protecting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri resolved to eat no more of the hardtack, but changed his mind when Obo presented the alternative\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be out here in the Sand, pounding in his ears, with no real way to find release.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo explained how dunes move. One might expect that they drift across the desert, but that isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it. They seem to disappear and reappear further downwind, as if moved by magic. What really happens is that the wind whips the grains of sand into ballistic arcs, and where they fall, they accumulate, and as time passes the whole dune itself seems to have melted and reconstituted further away\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, that\u8217\'92s almost exactly what happens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wondered, since the wind in the Sand blew east more often than not, then shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the wind have wiped the desert clean of sand?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it the land were left alone,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93All this sand would, indeed, blow itself into the mountains or the sea.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So why hasn\u8217\'92t it all disappeared?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo explained that as much sand was being made as being taken away. The endless hordes of axes and cattle have never stopped chomping at the grass and trees. With no roots, the soil gets washed away, compacted. A few unlucky droughts later and it all ends up dry as a bone, a big heap of sand for the wind to pick up and add to the rest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It reminded Mandri of his own bone-dry farm, and he wondered if all that parched dirt might soon end up out here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what would happen to the dunes if that weren\u8217\'92t true? What if all the people and all the herds suddenly disappeared?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t that be a dream,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was the common thread of Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ramblings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\u8217\'92t think highly of human beings. As the days wore on he talked more and more about what people got up to without the guiding light of the Hrkan world. The implication, of course, was that it was the Mazydai and their Minders keeping everyone in line.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the distant age of city temples, there was an Old Jandri custom that forbade anyone from selling land. The purpose was good-natured, as the wise sages of those cities had enough history to study to know what causes a city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse, for wealth attracts wealth just as sand attract sand, and inevitably the wealthiest end up with everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all the money, and all the land. Since the people have nothing, they either leave or simply rebel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To combat this, the city sages decided to prevent the sale of land so that a family could persist for generations regardless of what the rich wolves were up to. Land could be had only through inheritance. If an old, childless couple found their work too heavy, they could adopt a few straight-backed persons to till their fields and reap the harvests, and these children could stand to inherit on the condition that they provided grain, oil, and clothes to their adoptive parents for as long as the old folks lived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the rich were too clever for it. Judges were bribed, councils were captured, and by hook or by crook they weasled their way into the lines of succession. This practice of carried on for more than one hundred years in the heart of Old Jandri. What began as a few rich, wicked schemers evolved into wicked consortiums of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sons\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shared pools of silver and gold from which poor landowners were forced to turn to in times of drought, signing over the birthright of their trueborn children to the rich. Such was the depravity that a single man was once the adopted child of five-hundred and fifty-two different sets of parents. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 According to Obo, this was the birth of the Old Jandri banking system. The pretense of adoption was shed and more sophisticated systems of accumulation were devised, but the moral of the story was that it set the stage for the demise of all of Old Jandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tribes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their masses poor and unruly, they hated their own leaders as much as they hated the Hrks, and these sentiments were expertly exploited\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no Mazydfire needed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each night the group took turns telling stories during their brief period of rest. The fourth night was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn, and he offered the spot to Obo. No one else wanted to hear the Mazyd tell a story, so it wasn\u8217\'92t to be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 until Moto claimed that it was impossible that Obo could tell a story because a good story requires a Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that everyone was wondering whether or not Obo could tell a good story, he was allowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My story is about a witch,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Maybe you knew her,\u8221\'94 he said to Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was a cantankerous witch who dwelt in a cave where the sea meets the desert. She gained fame throughout the land for her talent of divination. To access her talents, a person must first catch a karkoot lizard, put its stomach in a jar of brine, then bring it to her in her wilderness cave, and in return she would fortell their future. So great were her talents that people hunted karkoots until there were none left, though that\u8217\'92s not what this story is about, that\u8217\'92s an aside meant to highlight the shortsightedness of human beings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several groans erupted from amongst the Ayramun. Satisfied with these, Obo smiled and continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One day a young man went to see this witch, but long before that, he was a carpenter\u8217\'92s son. His father, the carpenter, wasn\u8217\'92t rich, for he was a carpenter. Woe betide him, his son was a profligate child\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that means he was wasteful. Whether it was beer, women, or friends, he spent his father\u8217\'92s money without concern. He had no respect for his father\u8217\'92s work. In a way, you can\u8217\'92t blame the boy. Most of his life he was too young to understand how hard his father worked, and when he was old enough to know, the father\u8217\'92s efforts were out of sight because the father paid for schooling in another city in the hopes that his son would surpass him in society.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, the son, living in a different city, he takes the father\u8217\'92s money that was meant for his education, and he spends it on beer, women, and friends. His life\u8217\'92s prospects quickly come to nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When the father finds out that his own son has beggared them both, his rage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his rage is profound. It might be hard for any here to understand because none of you have children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do you,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but you see, we Mazyd are supremely empathetic creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not that you aren\u8217\'92t, it\u8217\'92s simply different. Let me try to paint the father\u8217\'92s rage for you. Considering the rough nature of our present circumstances, and perhaps the ultimate goal of our quest as we seek to kill Solraheen, you all must have some sympathy for the idea that this existence is some kind of mistake. It lacks purpose. Contrast that with me, a Mazyd\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not only was I built for an explicit purpose, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  what it is. You, however, you must have a nagging sense of the absence of yours. At least we can say that it is not at all clear what that purpose is \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the Solitants admit as much? I would argue that it\u8217\'92s clearly obvious that you have no purpose, and I can prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto groaned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you he can\u8217\'92t tell a story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Consider this, if you ever find yourself blessed with wealth and health beyond comprehension, what happens to you then? I can tell you what happens as I\u8217\'92ve seen first hand how impoverishing wealth is when your kind gets it. I\u8217\'92ve seen through the eyes of the Hrkan Lords. Without any practical concerns to distract them, one might think they would be happy for they are free to pursue their life\u8217\'92s true purpose! But that\u8217\'92s not what happens. They are not happy. They are bored. Totally bored. It\u8217\'92s a boredom so thorough and complete that some kill themselves. That might be hard for you to understand, but I speak the truth. Their boredom is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 complete}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . And what does that mean? If a person, freed from the indignities of life, turns, naturally, to boredom? It means that boredom is your natural state, and that you have no intrinsic purpose. If you did have one, surely your natural state would reflect it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does any of this have to do with the carpenter?\u8221\'94 Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t see it? This the backdrop to every story ever told. You see, because you have no natural purpose, what purpose you do have is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 crafted, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and that means it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something you can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lose}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . And I put it to you that losing your purpose is the greatest horror a human can experience. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t smile, Mandri, you of all people should know this. You\u8217\'92re so scared to lose your purpose that you won\u8217\'92t even stick one in the first place. You\u8217\'92re sitting firmly in that quarter of all people who got burnt when they were young and have let that little taste of horror clam them up for the rest of their lives. You\u8217\'92re little better than that quarter of all people who are so inured to the vagaries of life that they don\u8217\'92t ever think about their purpose at all. Then there\u8217\'92s the rest of you,\u8221\'94 he said, looking out at the Ayramun with a challenging glare. Ayram caught it and answered, saying, \u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s a purpose to this story, Mazyd, you best get to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo settled back down. Fiery sermon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most of you settle with making their family their purpose. The carpenter was such a man. His son was his purpose in life. To borrow a figurative turn from the poet Lovraleen, his son was his challenge to the void. And he lost. And it wasn\u8217\'92t taken from him, worse, it was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 squandered}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . If his son were killed the man could have moved into grief, but no, the father had challenged the void and the void had answered back by corrupting his son, turning him into the living embodiment of a life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wasted labor. At least, that\u8217\'92s how the father saw it. How could he see it differently? As Seb might say, the carpenter was who he was. And what did he do? He made a coffin and sent it with a messenger to his son. Inside the coffin was a note from the father which said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To put it lightly, this message greatly disturbed the son. He might have been a wastrel, but a self-obsessed wastrel was he\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\u8217\'92t want to die. He saw the coffin and the note and was scared. His father was a man of resolve. He began to see his old man in every shadow. He couldn\u8217\'92t enjoy himself. He couldn\u8217\'92t go to the tavern, or the whorehouse, he couldn\u8217\'92t sleep in the same place twice. This was no way to live, so what did he do? Since he was a wastrel he couldn\u8217\'92t confront even the thought of a confrontation, so he decided to run away and find a witch fix his problem for him. If a witch could predict his future, then he could, he hoped, formulate a plan to avoid his father\u8217\'92s wrath. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, he found a karkoot lizard, stuck it\u8217\'92s stomach in a jar of brine, and set off to see the cantankerous old witch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When the wastrel finally set foot in the witch\u8217\'92s cave, he said to her, \u8216\'91My own father is trying to kill me. What should I do?\u8217\'92 Unfortunately for him, this was the wrong kind of question to ask, because the old witch dealt with facts, with certainties about the future. She wanted to hear questions like, \u8216\'91What will happen on third full moon?\u8217\'92, or, \u8216\'91When will the rains come?\u8217\'92, that sort of thing, not \u8216\'91What should I do?\u8217\'92. Whenever she was asked a question like that she\u8217\'92d put no effort into the answer. She smoked up and did the little song and dance for the wastrel son, and when she was done she said to him, \u8216\'91When you leave this place, the first thought that enters your head is what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  do\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you say that again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said, \u8216\'91When you leave this place, the first thought that enters your head is what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  do\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92. It was needlessly ambiguous, but that was the point. You see, this witch was old and long in the trade, and she knew what kind of customer the boy was and how her response would weigh on him. And it did weigh on him. He heard the witches words and he somehow jumped to the conclusion that his father was waiting for him outside the cave, and that the \u8216\'91first thought\u8217\'92 that would enter his head would be his father\u8217\'92s cudgel. So he didn\u8217\'92t leave. He stayed right there in that witch\u8217\'92s cave and refused to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch tried in vain to shoo him out. Her plan had backfired. She was stuck with this wastrel who was convinced that the moment he left her cave, he would be struck dead. The witch tried to tell him that his father couldn\u8217\'92t be sitting right outside her cave for all eternity, but the son didn\u8217\'92t buy it. It\u8217\'92s not that he thought his father was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  watching the cave, but he was haunted by the logic of the superstitious\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he believed with certainty that whenever he did decide to leave, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s precisely when his father would show up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch eventually gave up trying to convince the boy that he could safely leave, and she told him that he could stay if he did chores for her, like scrubbing the cave floor, making fires, cooking, and whatnot. So the son stayed. After many, many years of this arrangement, the witch eventually died, and the carpenter\u8217\'92s son succeeded her because he had been, unknowing to them both, the witch\u8217\'92s apprentice. He had learned how to divine the future by watching the witch read the folds in fish stomachs. He had, on accident, become his own man with his own profession. The witch was dead, but people kept coming to the cave anyways. It is said that this wastrel\u8217\'92s divinations transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, for even kings would seek his sight to plan the courses of their wars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The great irony of all this is that the note the carpenter sent to his son was not a threat. If you remember, the note in the coffin said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a mere statement of fact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everybody dies. The father had no intention of hunting down his son. For the father, the knowledge of death is what spurned him to work hard and make the most of every moment, and he had hoped the thought would do the same for son, and it did, in a roundabout way. I don\u8217\'92t know if the father ever discovered that his son had become a great diviner and shaped the course of history, but I like to think that the abatement of his despair would have been most sublime, for he had, unwittingly, triumphed against the void.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A silence set in around the fire. No one wanted to admit it, but the story wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t half-bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder if the witch knew that the wastrel son would become her successor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course she did,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93She was a diviner. She divined the future and knew what to say to make it happen. The carpenter\u8217\'92s son was as much her son as the carpenters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of the telling, Mandri, don\u8217\'92t think too much about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s a poor telling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up. \u8220\'93You think you can do better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then let us hear it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know a story about a son. A godly son. Upright in his parent\u8217\'92s eyes and in Solraheen\u8217\'92s. That is, until the day he met a girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Typical\u8221\'94, Elrahet groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good story,\u8221\'94 Mandri protested. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But nobody wanted to hear it. They all laid down to rest, leaving Mandri full of resentment. His story was about a young man kidnapped by beautiful demons and carried to a satin bed. The demons stroked his body in the most delicate of embraces, and fondled his uglies with their half-human, half-animal appendages, so as to win a depraved victory over him. It was a story inspired by the grace of Solraheen, and these would-be god-killers needed to hear it, for the young man is tempted to the edge, but never succumbs. In the end, he bites off his tongue, and the emphatic pain, coupled with the coldness of death, rescued him from his lust. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are the poorest person I know. You suffer from a poverty of thought.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One afternoon they stumbled upon smooth black column sticking up out of the sand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should read it,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got a plaque on the bottom. Funniest shit I ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wandered over to the front of its base, while the rest lounged for a while in the column\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. Since Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t read Old Jandri, he had to turn around and let Obo translate the words on the chiseled there into the stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first bit is too scuffed to read,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93But the rest says, \u8216\'91Things are said of her Kings that are shameful to relate, in particular regarding Sixa the Very Great, the first King whose seat was in Duur. The falseness of those infamous lies can begin to be suspected by simply noticing that, with refined cunning, they all make reference to alleged incidents that in themselves are unverifiable. Let it hereby be declared and known\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Sixa the Very Great never had relations with a cow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They made this whole column to announce this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It goes on. It says, \u8216\'91Moreover, King Sixa\u8217\'92s son, King Shura the Extremely Great, who didn\u8217\'92t permit even as Prince that in the temples his errors and sins be concealed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never hid his true sins and defects. Whoever wishes to know them has only to read his ten-thousandth Kingly Decree or hear his heavenly vision from the good harvest of 1021. In none of these is it revealed that he is the result of mixed breeding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re making that up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet was sitting on the columns plinth, and she answered for Obo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exactly what it says.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would some idiot king erect a column in the middle of nowhere to tell nobody that he\u8217\'92s not half-cow?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t the middle of nowhere,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93This place is the womb of cities.\u8221\'94 She gestured broadly out at the Sand. This landscape was raw and subtly colored by a host of stubby, grey-green pencil weeds and crawling bushes. In the distant south was a line of dune-brinks, topped with smoky spindrifts, and in the distant north, flying high, was a flock of wheeling, screaming blackbirds fighting over the scraps of some unseen corpse. There were no cities in any it, nor even the ruins of one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each mound of dirt you see was once a city.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every quadrant of the horizon was studded by at least four or five humongous mounds which Mandri had taken to be the natural work of the earth. They were even standing on a mound. The thought that what was under his feet was a city was laughable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They aren\u8217\'92t Hrkan cities, mind, these cities here were small and made of clay. Their houses were unbaked brick, plastered with clay. Thatched roofs covered with clay. Each year, a fresh coat of clay. The rains come and the clay washes down from the walls and roofs and into the street, so the city grows up and up and up.\u8221\'94 She pointed with her stick. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how those mounds came to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From then on, Mandri relationship changed. He no longer saw the Sand as empty, at least, it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t empty any more than a graveyard is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said something that struck Mandri as particularly profound. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sand is stronger than water because it can flow uphill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pushing back against Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s incessant misanthropy was a difficult thing to do with the Mazyd strapped to his back. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t know why he tried, after all, he hated humanity more than anyone, but its one thing to make fun of your own family, its another thing entirely when somebody else does it. One afternoon, Mandri was trying to convince Obo of humanity\u8217\'92s nobler pursuits, when they just so happened to pass an enormous rock which bore a stick-figure painting of a man screwing a goat. The painting looked older than time itself. Probably, it was the first painting ever made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this settles it,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Clearly,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93Someone was making fun of Sixa the Very Great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah said the Jeketian fathers sought Acedia\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the state of not caring or not being concerned with one's position or condition in the world. Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe they\u8217\'92d was a word for it. Who feels like that and thinks to make a word for it? Just die and let everyone else go on with their lives.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On sixth day, or was it the seventh? On the seventh day, Mandri saw a butterfly . The butterfly was probably just as surprised to see him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That same day they crossed a charnel road, and nearby was a small rocked cairn splattered in white paint. This marked the grave of a pilgrim. An epitaph had been written on a stick of wood and stuck in the ground right next to it, but this had been scoured into illegibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one knew which shrine the charnel road led to, or from which city the road began in. Somehow, in the quest to reason it out, Obo offended Purl by telling her she was too kind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good thing,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93And by the way, that\u8217\'92s the reason you won\u8217\'92t be able to control me, not completely. You don\u8217\'92t want to hurt people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve killed people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t doubt it, but were you cruel? Do you understand? You\u8217\'92re not cruel enough, Purl. You don\u8217\'92t hate deeply. It\u8217\'92s not an insult. but in the grace that is the most precious thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That night it was Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to tell a story. She flashed a meek smile and said no. Moteah and Elrahet wouldn\u8217\'92t have it. She said she didn\u8217\'92t like how excited she got when she told stories, and then proceeded to talk about a lizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The son of a red-crowned lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most stories in the Sand are about sons.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Red-crown lizards, if you don\u8217\'92t know, like to live in mounds made out of their own shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite true,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is in this story. This lizard family\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mother, father, and their thirty children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they lived in a mound made entirely out of their own shit. Whenever someone had to shit, they looked for a wall that needed mending and they let loose. Then the sun baked the shit into a shit brick and that was that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Charming,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, one lizard son didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound a shit. His parents asked him, \u8216\'91What\u8217\'92s wrong? Why don\u8217\'92t you like it here?\u8217\'92 and the son said, obviously, \u8216\'91because this place is a mound of shit.\u8217\'92 The father pretended to laugh, and said, \u8216\'91Very funny. Now go fix the front door\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This drew a chorus of laughter. Seb blew some farting noises into his elbow. He was loving it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This lizard son was dutiful son, and so he did what his father commanded, he lifted his tail and pooped on front door. Still\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound of shit. He went back to the father and said, \u8216\'91Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the finches, who live in cups of sticks and moss? Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the rats, who live deep underground in burrows? Or why can\u8217\'92t we be like the humans, who live wherever they want?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The father said, \u8216\'91We do not have wings, so where are going to get sticks and moss? We do not have digging claws, so how can we dig into the earth? We do not have beer, so how can we live wherever we want? No, my son, we have to count on what we do have, and what we do have is poop. Now go chew a hole in the living room wall, we\u8217\'92re looking to expand.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dutifully, the son chewed a hole in the living room wall. His mouth was full of his family\u8217\'92s shit, and he realized, now more than ever, that he didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound of shit. He decided then and there that enough was enough and he was going to leave. So he wiggled out and set off into the desert.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He didn\u8217\'92t return home for five years, which, for a red-crown lizard, made him old enough to be a grandfather. His parents were long dead. One of his lizard sisters now owned the mound.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sister, trying to be a most gracious host, invited her long lost brother inside for dinner. The brother declined. When the sister asked why, the brother answered, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ve traveled the world and have slept in the houses of birds, and rats, and humans, and I\u8217\'92ve even snuck into a snake\u8217\'92s den! None of them were so foul as this.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sister said, \u8216\'91Come now, brother, it\u8217\'92s not that bad. We\u8217\'92ve added a second floor.\u8217\'92 The brother said, \u8216\'91No thank, you,\u8217\'92 and he left. As he left, he heard his sister shout at one of her many children who was avoiding his chores. She said, \u8216\'91The floor should be clean enough to eat off!\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The old brother grew sad at this parting. After all the glorious homes he\u8217\'92d seen, it hurt to see his sister and her family living in such squalor. He decided to do something about it. He thought that all they needed was a push out the door and they\u8217\'92d see for themselves that a mound of shit is the worst kind of house to live in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So he journeyed back to the snake whose home he\u8217\'92d snuck into. This time, however, he revealed himself to the snake. He said to the snake, \u8216\'91I know you want to eat me, but if you can hold your appetite, I will lead you to a mound of shit that is crawling with lizards. It will be the easiest feast of your life.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The snake was skeptical. It asked the old lizard, \u8216\'91Why would you betray your kin like this?\u8217\'92 And the lizard said, \u8216\'91I will you lead you there on the condition that you promise to leave at least one boy and one girl alive, so that they can carry on the family name. Also, and this is the most important thing, you have to completely destroy that mound of shit.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The snake wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he wanted to do it. He had no arms and legs, so if he wanted to destroy the mound he\u8217\'92d have to roll around in it. But the promise of an easy meal was too good to pass up, so he said to the old lizard, \u8216\'91lead on\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The lizard led the snake back to his sister\u8217\'92s home, and the snake did what he promised. He ate the sister and her husband, and most of their children too, and he rolled around in the pile of dried shit, crushing it into dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only two lizards survived, a boy and a girl. Without a home they were forced to wander around in the desert. Their old, kinslaying uncle followed them from afar, eager to see how they fared. He was careful not to intrude on their new lives and the experiences that awaited them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eventually, the young brother and sister got tired of not having a permanent home. The girl said to her brother, \u8216\'91I just want my own bed to sleep in.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy said, \u8216\'91I wish the same. We should build a house.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91How do you build a house?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91I don\u8217\'92t know. What was it grandfather was always saying?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91He always said that all we\u8217\'92ve got is our poop.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And it just so happened that right next to them was a brick of poop that one of them had left sitting there from the day before. And I\u8217\'92m sure you know what happened next\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the two lizards built a new mound of poop to live in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, when the old lizard saw that his niece and nephew had reverted back to the old ways, he became distressed. He wandered back into the snake\u8217\'92s den, and the snake, surprised to see him, asked, \u8216\'91Why have you returned?\u8217\'92 To this the old lizard replied, \u8216\'91Because they can\u8217\'92t think of anything else but shit.\u8217\'92 Then the snake ate the old lizard, and that\u8217\'92s the end of the story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri screwed up his nose and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how that story goes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl sneered back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it goes, because that\u8217\'92s how I said it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to appeal to the group, all who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d certainly heard the story of the lizards and shit before, but Ayram said, \u8220\'93Purl\u8217\'92s right. The storyteller makes the rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a little contrived for my tastes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s about Hrk, isn\u8217\'92t it? Hrk is the mound of poop. Jeket is the mound of poop? Everyone is just too used to that way of living to imagine a better way of doing things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said it, not me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on, that\u8217\'92s exactly what it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that was the end of Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That night Mandri tried to steal Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burgeons as he slept. The only problem with his plan was that Seb wasn\u8217\'92t actually sleeping. Mandri ended up with Seb\u8217\'92s knife on his throat, and Seb pushed on it so hard that Mandri choked. The blade must have been blunt because it didn\u8217\'92t cut him. After this incident, Mandri did not try to steal the burgeons again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knelt down pick up a dropped wafer of hardtack and noticed a small grey lizard. It looked at him without really looking at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one eye trained on him, the giant, the other eye swiveling in its socket to stare. He admired its vigilance. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dangerous, but it didn\u8217\'92t know that. A lizard\u8217\'92s life must be exhausting, having to be on-guard the whole day through, moment to moment awareness, anything that moves could be a threat. And here he was barely noticing anything. What a luxury. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One morning they came across a herd of poop-tails one-thousand strong. Mandri asked Obo why they shit on their tails, because Obo had an answer for everything. Obo said that when it gets too hot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it always gets too hot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Piss-tail lizards cup their hind feet and then evacuate their cloacal contents onto them, allowing them to rub their tails in it, and they do this so that when they raise their tails into the air and open them up like sails, the liquid from their shit-piss gets sucked up by the sun, and in so doing, it draws the heat from the body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb overheard this explanation and said that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just like when he\u8217\'92d gargled urine to lubricate his throat. Because when the heat dries out the throat it gets unbearable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cringe at the thought. One thing Mandri learned on this long journey is that time spent in this wilderness the body\u8217\'92s functions, because the body is all there is. Nothing is disgusting. Mandri worried, that if found Seb\u8217\'92s behavior to be tolerable, how he himself must look. He was turning into a regular outland poke. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under his feet were some holes which had been burrowed by lizards. At night they escape from these haunts and search for food. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen them silhouetted against the sky, and the mound itself is covered with picked cleaned bones of all manner of thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 mouse, lizard, bird, berrybush. He wondered if this mound had once been a city. And there were more mounds than just this one. There mounds lining to the horizon it seemed, and beyond that to the ends of the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A distant lizard sent forth its snarling howl. All the other lizards of that distant lizard city immediately took up his challenge, and for a moment the peace of a starry night is upset by hissing, hacking, and crying of those foul, foul beasts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They took up a southeast Charnel road called the Hatthir road. There were plenty of pilgrim skeletons on the Hatthir road. One of them, it turned out, was still alive. Ayram noticed him. He picked up the poor man and set him the shade of a . The dying pilgrim stared at all them with winkless eyes, his skin was like paper, and his ribs were countable through the window in his yellow haircloth habit, while his stomach lay flat against his vertebral column.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This pilgrim thought Ayram was Solraheen enfleshed. Ayram paused, sponged water onto the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, and they made a brief, whispered exchange which Mandri could not hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gave the pilgrim one of Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rocks. It put a passing joy into the pilgrim\u8217\'92s eyes. His eyes betraying that this was his final test, and dessicated, a tear of joy that he was done.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They came at last to a moundless plain covered in a sticky bush called, unsurprisingly, stick bush. This plain led to the Tib desert, also called the Black Road, for the Tib desert was a flat, empty black expanse with a hard floor of small stones tarred in black rock-varnish. These stones were inset into the earth, and tightly interlocked like a Hrkan mosaic.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before they crossed into the Tib, Ayram had them all pick as many stick bushes as they could carry. Mandri was told it was for wood to make fire. Everyone picked ridiculous amounts and tied them onto their packs. Obo was practically buried in them. They looked like a family of giant hedgehogs. No one joked about it, as the mood was getting bleak because everyone, even Ayram, was tiring. Mandri felt remarkably lively. He tried to hide the fact that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found his desert legs, lest someone decide they wanted to unload some of their burdens onto him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first hand of the Tib was wonderful, for the flat and solid ground was a welcome change. Every hand after was a terror. The afternoon sun was killing them. The rocks underfoot were hot enough to blister bare skin, even if all a toe did was slip onto them for a moment. And though these stones were smooth, walking on them still wore holes into shoe-soles that need to be repaired. This slowed their progress greatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More than any other part of the desert, the Tib was endless. They walked it, heading south and east, and after two days nothing changed. It was always the same endless plain and empty sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They tried to sleep at two hands each night because they were simply too exhausted. And they had to sleep huddled around twiggy fires made from their stickbushes. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the heat that provided comfort, though the nights were cold, it was the smell, for suspended above these miniature fires were a tin bowls filled with a scented wax, smelling of carrion. In the mornings, the hardened wax would be thick with the fuzzy brown bodies of cusiloe flys who were looking for meat in which to implant their eggs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flies live just under the Tib\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin, squeezed deep into the crevices of the interlocking rocks, and the odors of flesh, living or otherwise, drew them from hibernation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but only at night. Like reasonable creatures, they don\u8217\'92t come out to bake in the sun. As soon as the red lip of the sun peeks up in the east, everyone rises and checks themselves to make sure they hadn\u8217\'92t been impregnated. If a fly did get under the skin, and the eggs were allowed to hatch, removing them would be a painful ordeal. Seb described the larvae\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pulsing white thumbs with two fangs the length of fingernails. Pull them out and they can rip the flesh and leave a hole that will get infected. You look for them by feeling. Skin is too dark to see these soft little welts, especially Moto and Moteah's skin, so they had to feel around for a hardened, coin-sized bump, like a callous on the palm, but maybe it\u8217\'92s on your thigh, on your prick, in your armpit, upon your back, and since you can\u8217\'92t reach your whole back you\u8217\'92ve got to have someone else do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah and Moto checked each other. Ayram and Elrahet checked each other. Mandri smiled at Purl but this was not reciprocated. He was paired with Seb. Neither were happy about the arrangement. Mandri complained about Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s borcandi stained fingers. Seb was worried, perhaps rightly so, that Mandri might miss a spot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nobody checked Obo. He said the flies wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother him, and if they did he would know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before setting off, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d scrape the paste of dead flies from the surface of the wax and save them for food. Then they\u8217\'92d be on their way again, a short sprint in the half-light hours before the sun became unbearable, and when that happened, they\u8217\'92d stop, pitch little shelters, and rest until worst of the heat had passed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a lurching way to travel, and it felt to Mandri that they made no progress. Two more days passed and still the scenery did not change To the north, a flat plain of pebbles for as far as the eye could see. To the south, a flat plain of pebbles for as far as the eye could see. To the east and to the west it was the same\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 flat for as far as the eye could see. For all he knew they were going in a circle. He began to study the chaotic patterns in the floor, and he looked for patterns, and once or twice he saw a jagged triangle that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d swore he saw the day before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moving like this, out of rhythm and in unfamiliar hours, skating on the surface of an endless black stone sea, it changed the perception of time. There were no new spikes of memory around which time could congeal. No new sounds, and no new conversations because the heat of the day and the cold of night tempered everyone into the same person\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  short responses, shrugging shoulders, faces set in the same tight-lipped frown that said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just want to get through it\u8221\'94. And that\u8217\'92s who everyone was, bundled, muddled balls of just-get-through-it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Except for Obo, of course. Obo remained genial and solicitous. Everyone hated him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the middle of night when reached the end of the Tib. Mandri was so happy that he collapsed in prayer. Everyone was ecstatic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone but Ayram. His fretful eye studied the north.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking for Hrks,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They might have made it out of the Tib, but they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet survived the danger. But still their mood was good and doubly so because in the near east were the brown peaks of the Goree mountains. They had come all at once, a long, dark lumpy line looming on the horizon. The Ayramun picked themselves up and quickened their pace. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They pushed on through the night, and morning brought them right up to the mountain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet, for the Goree had no hills\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was flat red-iron dirt all the way up to their bases. The red mountains themselves were buttresses against the desert wind, and as such their rock faces bore the scars of it its fury\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 deep, scoring cuts that swept swept up and over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram led them south in line with them, towards the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked Purl how Ayram knew which way to go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He remembers it,\u8221\'94 said Purl, as if that were a perfectly adequate explanation. Mandri knew that Ayram couldn\u8217\'92t have dead-reckoned it all the way from little desert temple. The featureless Tib would have made that impossible, and the arc of the sun was more of a guideline than a precise measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He considered asking the man himself, but decided not to, and good thing too, because the next person who spoke drew Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to poop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shushed him, but Seb insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that made me eat those flies!\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright!\u8221\'94 Ayram exclaimed, and he stopped the train. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll make a short camp here. Be quick and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quiet, I can tell ya that. Matter of fact, ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quick, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb sauntered off into towards the mountains, and disappeared amongst the shadows of rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri dumped Obo onto the ground, then went to Moto and asked for some twigs to make a fire to calm the night chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No fires,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got to be quiet, and we\u8217\'92ve got to pass unseen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not only Hrks we\u8217\'92re worried about,\u8221\'94 Moto added. \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t know, there\u8217\'92s two kinds tribes in the Goree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those who want to kill you, and those who want to steal all your stuff. Either way, you end up dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if they\u8217\'92re up in the mountains, won\u8217\'92t they have seen us coming from miles away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt it. There\u8217\'92s not much reason for them to be watching the Tib, because it\u8217\'92s not a journey often made. We might have slipped through and if we have, we don\u8217\'92t want to spoil it with a fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How close are we to the Goree Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be upon it tomorrow morning,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The light of day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you just said that everyone wants to kill us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By sacred law, the Goree pass is neutral ground so long as you pass in the day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who enforces that law?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Custom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laugh drew a snarl from Moto. \u8220\'93Custom may mean nothing to you,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but desert customs demands respect amongst outland tribes. They have preserved us for thousands of years. Every tribesman knows that if they violate the truce of the Goree Pass, then they are dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, with ebullient eyes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t laugh because I doubted you. I laughed because I believed you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t believe him,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you should,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No desert custom is going to stop people from looking out for themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever heard of the Old Believers?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was once a tribe called the Old Believers. They lived in an alluvial plain just south of . They had strange ways of worshiping Solraheen, so to incorporate them into world of Hrk we had to reform their religion. The plan was to do it piecemeal, over generations, so as not to cause a stir. Don\u8217\'92t start with the relgion itself, start with some of their customs to soften them up. The first thing we did is we told them to not write Solraheen with two L\u8217\'92s. And we told them to use an open thumb when they make the sign of the brothers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess what they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t want to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They built warehouses out of resin-rich timber, locked themselves inside, and then burnt them all down. An entire tribe of ten-thousand people dead in one night. They killed themselves and their children over a single L and an open thumb. If you ever make it to Jeket\u8217\'92s library, you should look for a book on the histories of the Old Believers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m not going to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Outland tribes are tickled by custom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet had been sitting silently by herself, brooding as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been want to do since they\u8217\'92d entered the Tib. The next words she spoke were her first in several days. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the Mazyd that killed the Old Believers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not listening?\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93They killed themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet turned her back and continued on. Ayram said that was enough noise for the night, and they took up shelter behind a jumble of boulders which blocked the western wind. Ayram shared some stern words with Seb when he got back from his fecal excursion. All save the giant lay down to rest. }}