{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 POTENTIAL:}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Vignette of burgeons}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Moto story}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Moteah story}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "Nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s broom\u8221\'94 to describe a laxative.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Greatest strength - building on the shoulders of your forebears. also greatest weakness cause most of your forebears were stupid. It takes centuries for a bad idea to be figured out for what it is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry. I\u8217\'92m sorry. There is a subtlety to emotional expression that I haven\u8217\'92t quite mastered. Sometimes an emotion morphs and changes and it seems like you humans are stumbling through your feelings with every new word.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Napoleon borodino - we can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t feed all these soldiers, got to get some of them killed. Might as well make them useful while we do it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The only time its ever  peaceful is when one of you has their boot on the the other\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mazyd - if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for us, you\u8217\'92d have to work together. Agreement. Compromise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Survival of the species dependent upon convincing people of a truth that goes against their short term interests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a religion for young folks, too much kneeling.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spherical concretions budding out of the mountainside.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.onlyinyourstate.com/north-dakota/rock-formation-nd/amp"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.onlyinyourstate.com/north-dakota/rock-formation-nd/amp}}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://i.redd.it/mwndvdw66ke91.jpg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Today it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s 72 and the plumes of steam are a good indicator of caves. Not always but sometimes.}}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hot air makes you lose your voice quicker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 I want to fill my belly, lay down, put , and watch the pulse of my digestion bounce the. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no greater feeling.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hog-backed.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Hiding in the wind riffles, curled up, shoulder pressed against the sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Each like a coal drawn from the fire.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Harrowed dunes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scattered here and there are \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91inselbergs\u8217\'92 eroded pillars from a mountain\u8217\'92s remnant bin, massive in size. You can climb them, a thousand feet, fifteen hundred, but from their barren summits nothing can be seen but a tableau of jagged cliffs and tumbling scarps, stretching on forever.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 Maybe earlier - in the Journey - establish Obo\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s specialness.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92d come to appreciate Obo for what he was. Like that butterfly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91bricks baked in hell and written by demons.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After this crushing defeat, the captured Russian princes were dumped in a shallow ditch and then covered with wooden floors on which the winners organized a feast. The victims died of suffocation with all their bones broken.\~ }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Do I deserve life?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What do you want me to say? Yes? No? At some point you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll realize that you\u8217\'92ve just uttered a collection of noises that has no other meaning than what you make it. \u8216\'91Deserve\u8217\'92. \u8216\'91Life\u8217\'92. Even \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92. These have so much depth that it would take a million lifetimes to make the first step. So just shutup.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t trust god. In order to trust someone you have to understand them. I don\u8217\'92t understnad god. I dont trust him.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 banal}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 You cannot expect a man toconsume his time and money in telling the world that he has been defeated. - king\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s stone.}}