{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/77080/pg77080-images.html#Innocent_faced_maid_WRITINGS"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/77080/pg77080-images.html#Innocent_faced_maid_WRITINGS}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 A man entered a downtown street car one day last week. The car was full, and he was obliged to hang onto the strap and ride in the midst of a crowd of good-looking girls, most of whom were either \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93would-bes\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93has-beens.\u8221\'94 The conversation soon started in his direction, and in secret tone, just loud enough for him to hear, they discussed the new arrival.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hasn\u8217\'92t he the most lovely hair?\u8221\'94 one of them exclaimed in a whisper that was halfway between awestruck and tender.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 We have grown accustomed to consider history as being made by the decrees of kings or by the power of invading and defending armies. These things are, however, only the instruments of the one really compelling social force. That force is the power of public opinion. History is made by those who direct and control it. This is the reason for the power of the pulpit, the platform, and the press. Of these three, the power of the press touches the largest number of people. The writer sends out an influence which reaches to the ends of the earth.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the midst of an age of war, the world is struggling for peace. The law of the jungle ceased to be the recognized principle of history, and war lost its standing as a means of obtaining justice because of the efforts of a man to guide public opinion by means of a book. No one could have conquered militarism with a sword in the old days, and it is doubtful whether it can be done now, but the strong silent force of enlightened opinion can do it.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The history of modern international law as a basis for the preservation of peace among nations really began with the publication in 1625 of a book entitled\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 De Jure Belli et Pacis}{\f0\fs24\b0 . IIt was written by a Dutch publicist by the name of Hugo Grotius}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain { }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The great literary need of the present day is for a man who can snatch the torch from the dead hand of Grotius and bear it a little farther. He will not receive high praise from the militaristic camp, but his efforts will be appreciated by those who really love their country enough to desire its preservation from the blasting blight of war. Some gifted pen will yet inoculate the popular mind with an ideal of peace and brotherhood which will make war forever impossible.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 No one will ever be able to measure correctly the influence which the pamphlets of Thomas Payne had in the crystallization of the sentiment which held the early American patriots to their cause. The historians have not neglected, however, to give them large credit in their final reckonings. They provided a sort of mental artillery, making possible the work of the advancing sword of a Washington.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It does not matter what is the form of his work. It does not even matter whether it is serious and pretentious. It affects the thought and, therefore, the life of the world. A printed jest once determined the result of a national election. A derisive term applied by the editor of an enemy paper once elected a man president. The recorded and unrecorded history of every age is full of just such instances.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 A few minutes from the South Portico of the White House, overlooking the majestic sweep of the Potomac, stands the tallest piece of marble masonry in the world. }{\f0\fs24\b0 It commemorates the life and deeds of the Father of His Country. At its foot is a good place to stand and think for a while, as I did one spring afternoon.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 The true writer is a sort of social seismograph, sensitive to every change that takes place in the life of the race. Literature is, therefore, the record in which is told the story of social movements, the mirror which reflects the history of the ages. The peace and strife, the faith and unfaith, the love and the malice of all the past lives in the literature which it has produced.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 born in the depths of the tried souls of men. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tried spark - how to relate this}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Having had a war literature, we now face the period in which is to be born a post-war literature.}{\f0\fs24\b0  It is a common thought among people everywhere that during the years between 1914 and 1918 the elements melted with fervent heat. The old world has been done away, and all things are ready to be made new. The outlines of seas and continents are the same as before, but the viewpoint, outlook, and general consciousness of the race are totally changed. It could hardly seem more so if we had been bodily transported to another planet. The new age will express itself in a new literature\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a reconstruction literature.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 What kind of literature is stagnation literature???}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 The German Empire offered an instance of the sad extent to which the pen can be prostituted for propaganda. Education, Science, Philosophy, and Literature were all made to serve the selfish ends of a party struggling to build a super-state upon a foundation of self-interest. At such a time, the soul of greatness dies from any land. Those who usher in such periods dig the grave of pure literature by the purchase of its makers.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 During the year 1916, a German anthropologist published an article in which he proved, to his own satisfaction, that to be a Frenchman necessarily meant to be a moral degenerate. During the same year, a French anthropologist proved, with equal fervor and with equal satisfaction to himself, that to be a German necessarily meant to be a criminal lunatic. So long as such conceptions prevail in the minds of thinkers and investigators, there can be neither literature nor science of any dependable sort.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 It may be some time before the }{\f0\fs24\b1 squint of prejudice}{\f0\fs24\b0  is entirely removed from the thinking of the various peoples involved in the war. Gradually, however, it must necessarily relax from its violence. Thinkers should now do their best to work with only truth for a standard. The saner our reconstruction writings prove, the more potent they will be. Nothing but truth can ultimately prevail.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poetry should not sound stilted and constrained,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but natural and sincere. It should run along the same even and normal course that a high grade of every-day conversation does. One should not say, \u8219\'27the rippling brook along.\u8217\'92 He should say, \u8216\'91along the rippling brook.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A musical composition images the state of someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soul at a given moment. That condition of soul is a part of the great composite which we call the spirit of the times. It might about as well be called the personality of the age. It largely determines the thought, motive, and action of the period. It is the chief factor in the making of history. When one sees it spread out before him, he can almost write from it the story of the period represented. The issues of life have always proceeded from the heart, and the heart of any age expresses itself in its musical productions.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The other day I saw a series of collection letters supposed to have been prepared by an expert. They were verbose and flowery. They were supposed to be seasonal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something about which both collector and collectee care exactly nothing. They had a jollying and blarneying tone which is always nauseating. The clear, courteous, definite letter is the one that wins.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 There seems to exist a general misconception of the purpose of a yoke. Because of it the command of Jesus to accept and wear His yoke is often much more dreadful than there is reason that it should be. We often fail to catch or refuse to believe the added assurance that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the yoke is easy.\u8221\'94 This assurance is true both in figure and fact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Anyone who has been personally familiar with the working of oxen under the yoke is sure to understand that the yoke is used not to increase the burden they bear, but to furnish them with a means of bearing the burden they already have.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If I were to try to paint a picture of that night in Bethlehem, there is one thing I would be sure not to omit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I would paint the rifted sky, opened to release the mingled praise of angels. I would depict the shepherds, listening in their wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I would hang the wondrous star in its place in the sky\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 heaven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sign of hope to a broken world. The peaceful village, the lowly manger, the quiet cattle in their stalls\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all these should have a place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But somewhere in the distance I would set the inn with its lighted windows, its gayety within, and its crowded space\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a house with a closed door, a place with room for all except the family of an artisan who was to be trusted with the rearing of a King.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Through the centuries this has been a most tragic story. It has been the most tragic because it has represented the most widespread condition. It has been the saddest because it has been the least realized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 On the old battlefield of Sempach, where in 1386 the Swiss won a notable victory over the Austrians, there stands a monument of recognition to Arnold von Winkelried, a Swiss peasant, who on the day of that battle gave his life as the price of victory for his country.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Austrians were massed together with presented spears\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A living wall, a human wood.\u8221\'94 There was only one hope of breaking through the armed line and that was for some one to dash against the phalanx and make an opening\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at the cost of his life. Suddenly there was a cry: \u8220\'93Make way for liberty,\u8221\'94 and Arnold von Winkelried rushed forward, gathering an armful of Austrian lances into his own breast, but opening a breach through which his comrades poured themselves against their foes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Swiss marched to victory that day, but it was over the dead body of a man who loved them and their cause even unto death, a man who was moved by the love which lays down its life for its friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There is another spot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a place unmarked by any monument\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 where earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supremest hero yielded up His life to make way for the liberty of His people. He gathered the wrath and the sting of a great world\u8217\'92s sin into His own heart, and led the way where others dared not tread.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}