{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Make sure mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body has a knife wound in the chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy hell, it\u8217\'92s almost still sticky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two travelers set out into the Sand alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One is a man who expects to much. The other is a woman who expects too little. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They happen to cross paths in the shifting middle of the Empty Portion, hundreds of leagues from any farm or road, hundred of years from anyone ever setting foot in that spot of the world again. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an unlikely convergence in the most inhospitable place, yet the man who expects too much will doubt the significance. You see, he actually expects to find a bit of strangeness like this every now and then, after all, the world is small and full of chance encounters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looks at the woman who he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stumbled upon in the vastness of this old sand sea and all he can see is a strange coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A simple coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats all it is to him. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all it is to the man who expects too much. No need to invoke the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other traveler, the woman who expects too little, she is stunned by the significance of moment. She did not expect to see someone in a place where no one else should be. After all, this part of the Sand is large and full of nothing. For this to happen, for two souls to meet in such a wasteland without planning it, well it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be a simple coincidence. She and he must have been brought together for a purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overwhelmed by this glimpse of the divine plan, she turns her eyes to the heavens and invokes the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story ends there. It is short and seemingly pointless. It is called the Nine Line Story because that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all there is to it - nine lines in the original Old Jandri script, nine lines scratched into an old clay tablet the size of a washing board. Some say that the ending is missing, that there is another tablet hidden in the vault of some ancient city buried by time, waiting for divine providence to be revealed, but who can say for certain?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orthodox freaks preach that there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be another tablet. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not worth asking why - it\u8217\'92s a conclusion wrought from a peculiar twist of logic and eschatology that\u8217\'92s not worth getting into. What matters is that they claim the next tablet will prove that the story is a story about Solraheen himself. They say Solraheen is the man who expects too little. The woman is his bride. It is the story of their meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what do they know?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re freaks. They\u8217\'92re people. People floundering around for a glimpse of the divine like everyone else. Maybe the man was just a man and the woman was just a woman and that\u8217\'92s all there is to it. That\u8217\'92s what Seb Soreel believed. In fact he believed that the pair never existed at all. He\u8217\'92d tell anyone who\u8217\'92d listen to his liquored up sermons that the story, the raw events themselves, they weren\u8217\'92t important. What was important was the lesson, and there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a lesson there in those nine lines, a lesson that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s made easier to see by asking a simple question:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  What if the woman went into the Empty Portion and made it safely through without encountering a soul? Would she have glimpsed the divine plan then? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She would have trudged along the ridges of the ergs, her shoulder set against the wind, and wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have given a thought to Solraheen except to pray for her safety. She never would have been overwhelmed by His mysteries. She never would have shed a tear at the wonder - but the wonder would be there all the same. And that\u8217\'92s the lesson. Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand is there and it is always there. It is there in the meeting, and it is there in the absence of it. To be struck dumb by the sight of the His plan in one case and not the other is the same as to not see the plan at all. Both travelers were blinded by expectations, and blind is the word because it takes righteous eyes to see the will of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s always expectations that is the problem. This was Seb\u8217\'92s contribution that growing puddle called man\u8217\'92s philosophy. Expectations weren\u8217\'92t necessarily the source of man\u8217\'92s damnation, but they sure were a sign of it. Expectations turn the vividness of the present moment into an ignorable blur. Seb liked to put it a little more bluntly: \u8220\'93Expectations ruin everything\u8221\'94. And that\u8217\'92s how it was. None of this stopped him from having expectations himself. No one is perfect. No one except Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb once stumbled upon a bald, aching, stiff-jointed pilgrim who claimed that if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have righteous eyes then the next best thing to have is nothing at all. The pilgrim claimed to be able sit perfectly still and chant his mind into such a trance that his body required no food or water, nor even air, and more importantly, he said his thoughts were free from expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb tried to induce this meditative trance in himself, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it. He doubted the old pilgrim could either, at least not for any meaningful length of time. Sitting still and simply existing is what a rock does, and people aren\u8217\'92t rocks. People look at things, and when they look they try to understand and when they try to understand the expectations inevitably come. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb figured that if he had to have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 some }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 expectations then best thing to do was to expect as little as possible. Err on the side of the woman traveler. At least she had some appreciation for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mysteries. To add to that, having no expectations and expecting to not have anything were close enough to the same thing. They used a lot of the same words. Like if you took those words and put them in a bag and shook that bag around then there\u8217\'92s no telling which idea you\u8217\'92ll get out of it. Seb figured maybe life works that way. Maybe if he had an idea-enough-like-the-right-idea, then when life shook him up like it always did, he might pop on over to the correct frame of mind. Like how a fisherman puts a shrimp on a hook, and then, with a jerk and a heave, that shrimp becomes a fish. Put a fact on a hook and you\u8217\'92ll pull up a truth. Maybe if he fished with the a crumb of an expectation he\u8217\'92d pull up the untethered void of the self reflected in the eye of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until then, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had to wait. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to keep his expectations low. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a natural enough thing to do. Thirty years of living in a land that some languages call Emptiness has that effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like clouds. Seb did not expect to see clouds. This close to the coast one might have expected to see a bit of moisture pluming the sky but Seb knew better. He knew how the Hias mountains shadowed the hills from rain, how the Utzal wind was too weak to carry water up and over those peaks. It was strange because the Hias were hardly mountains at all. The Bengas mountains, those were mountains, fully grown mountains with bald heads and stern granite faces looking down at you. The Hias were nothing but big mounds of dirt pimpled with boulders, their chins tufted with thornscrub. It seemed like even the weakest watering wind should be able to make it up and over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The winds used to be able to do it, in some ancient age. They used make it up over the Hias and the Junei plain was a paradise. The evidence was there in the foothills. If you got up into the ridges of the Hias and looked north towards the Junei Plain you could see the lighter clay of long-dried out washes snaking through the foothills for as far as there were foothills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, when you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re down in those foothills you don\u8217\'92t notice them. Down there you only see sun baked clay and that clay is so hard that you can\u8217\'92t imagine it had ever seen rain. To illustrate: one night, Seb spit on the ground and when he woke, five whole hands later, the glob of his spit was still there. The water of his body hadn\u8217\'92t seeped into the dirt. Some of that might have to do with the fact that Seb\u8217\'92s spit was thick and sticky from all the borcandi leaves he chewed, but still, it proved the point. It was like the ground had been dry for so long that it didn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to get wet. Like that story of the lonesome spearman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been at war for so long that when he returned home to the kindness of his wife he killed her. The Hias hills were like that. A lot of the Sand was like that. And so nothing lived in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Absolutely nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were lizards, but lizards were everywhere so they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count. Piss on a rock, any rock, and a lizard will scuttle out from nowhere to drink the urine. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Birds don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count either because they\u8217\'92re just passing through. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could find beetles if you ripped the waxy bark off bamber trees. Sometimes you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to bore into the tree\u8217\'92s stringy, yellow core to find them. But green crust beetles don\u8217\'92t count as \u8216\'91something\u8217\'92. The problem with them is that their shells guard a smell that makes the stomach curl, and you can\u8217\'92t boil or steam it out, so they aren\u8217\'92t good eating, and as far as Seb was concerned, if it\u8217\'92s not good eating it might as well not exist. The only things worth paying any mind are things that can keep you alive and the things that can kill you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything else is nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That being said, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s men out in the Sand, but men are boring. There\u8217\'92s women, but that\u8217\'92s all Seb would say about them; they\u8217\'92re out there. There were other things too, but mostly there was nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what Seb saw as he stood atop one of the Hias foothills and looked out over the red and empty Junei plain. He saw nothing. There wasn\u8217\'92t even a horizon for it was lost in the shimmer of a mirage, the kind that looks like water only its not. A mirage was the perfect metaphor for how Seb viewed his world, because it looks like something, but really it\u8217\'92s nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lots and lots of nothing.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, Seb! There's somethin \u8216\'91ere!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears pricked at the words. The shout had come from a nearby ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quick and spry as lizard zipped up on freeweed, Seb scrambled over to the lip of that ravine and leered down into its deep belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of his fellow Ayramun was standing there at the bottom of it. Seb knew it was Gugi and not anyone else by the way he stood. Everyone was swaddled from head to toe in brown wool dusted red by clay, but only Seb and Gugi stood with that twitchy restlessness that marks out a Jandri man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not stopped chewing the spines of borcandi leaves since the day they were weened from the tit. And Gugi was also a little taller than most. A little lankier. He stuck his skinny arm up in the air and waved it towards Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb sneered at the way the joints creaked like a corpse. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  you get it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put your goddamned hand down,\u8221\'94 Seb shouted. \u8220\'93I can see you just fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then get your ass down here!\u8221\'94 Gugi shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb harrumphed to himself and then started his climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As far as ravines go it seemed as full of nothing as any other. It was a little steeper than most, and it was dry and dusty so Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet couldn\u8217\'92t find purchase on the slope. He was forced into a clumsy half-scramble-half-slide to get down the bottom, which was about twenty yards down. Once there he took a moment to kick the clay off the heel of his boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was one truly unusual thing about this ravine, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how even and straight it was. Almost like a road. It went straight as an arrow for a full fifty yards before getting lost around a bend. Smack-dab in the middle of those fifty yards was the dried out husk of a karkle bush. Gugi was standing in front of that bush, looking a little spooked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb took his time ambling on over, and he fingered a fresh borcandi spine out of his sleeve pocket as he went. He knew there wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be nothing worth noticing because Gugi had a habit of pointing out any old thing that caught his interest. Maybe there\u8217\'92d be a pricked-up drag-belly hissing inside that bush, but fat little lizards doing four-legged push-ups and flashing their ruddy throats weren\u8217\'92t worth shouting about. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were to be expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Part of the ignorable blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb almost laughed at the way Gugi urged him on with an impatient flick of the wrist. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t gonna run in this heat,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi shook his head and mumbled something Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pipe down, coon\u8217\'92s sake, I\u8217\'92m comin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb eyed the karkle bush. There was definitely something hidden underneath its twiggy branches. A lumpy shape of something shadowed. It was dark and unmoving and apparently unconcerned with how Gugi was brushing the karkle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s branches aside to get a better look. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   karkle bush, he expected to see the bush\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s woody stem firmly planted into red clay. There might be pebbles, and maybe a rock or two that he\u8217\'92d have to move, but that was it. He didn\u8217\'92t expect to see a creature hiding under those wide boughs. If you\u8217\'92d asked him before hand what kind of creature he\u8217\'92d expect to see out there,he\u8217\'92d say a black-spined drag-belly because drag-bellies lived on this side of the Junei plain. Odd for them to be out at this time of day, just-past-morning, when the sun is getting hot and even the shade of the bush doesn\u8217\'92t do enough to stop the heat. Odd but not quite strange. It would be a strange, very strange, to find the dead body of a boy. Now that he did not expect.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, this is the first bush I looked under.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. It\u8217\'92s the first bush I looked under. I was like, this bush is in the perfect position, halfway up the ravine, bet it will be the best spot to -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re saying it\u8217\'92s the first bush you looked under?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the first bush he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d looked under, too. There were at least twenty other bushes in that dusty ravine, and the first one he looked under sheltered a dead boy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A strange coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A divine sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin prickled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi was stumbling his way down to the road because he thought he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard Seb say that he\u8217\'92d found a body. When he hopped on over to where Seb was standing, he pulled his scarf down under his proud chin to ask for clarification. He rarely stopped chewing. His words were a little lost in between the squelches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t quite get that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb pulled his own scarf down in kind. His face was a little thinner than Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and his nose was longer and crooked, and his cheeks were ravaged with pits from . He chewed his borcandi spine a bit more gingerly because most of his teeth thin were thick with rot. Anyone who meets the twins, especially if they meet them at the same time, the first thought is always to wonder why the gods had reserved all the handsomeness for Gugi. The second thought is to wonder if poor Seb had been cursed, or if it was just bad luck - poor Seb thought he was cursed with bad luck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And this was why seb was so stuck in coincidences. For he and his brother had coincided in the womb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look there,\u8221\'94 Seb said to Gugi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feet here,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93And you can see an arm, and there, a grayish cloak of somewhat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi squatted down next to the bush and tried to peer under the low brim of the karkle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s branches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A body, eh? Guess he\u8217\'92s dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not napping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 pull him out then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull him out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The mans dead. He won\u8217\'92t mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped. All his little crooked teeth. Blinked like he couldn\u8217\'92t believe, had to reboot the brain. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a dead body under this bush, and that doesn\u8217\'92t concern you in the least bit? You just want to, what, pull him out and rifle through his clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I want to pull him out wo we can put him somewhere else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just put him somewhere else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that why you called me down here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I called you down here because there\u8217\'92s a goddamned dead body under my bush\u8230\'85 out here, under this bush... That doesn\u8217\'92t get your grind going? The boy\u8217\'92s still bleeding!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi took a little rock and pushed on mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot, squeezed a drop of blood through the blood caked blisters. his dark brows raised a little as he realized that this wasn\u8217\'92t just a dead body, it was a freshly dead body. Still, he wasn\u8217\'92t about to encourage Seb\u8217\'92s hysteria, so the most assent he was willing to do was to shrug and say, \u8220\'93Alright. This is unusual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unusual?!\u8221\'94 Seb spun around to face Gugi and was about to burst. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a goddamned curse! Clear as day!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on Seb, don\u8217\'92t start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Start what? There\u8217\'92s a goddamned dead body in my hiding spot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down! Holy hell. It\u8217\'92s just a dead body. It doesn\u8217\'92t mean anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was about to burst, but then a shrewd thought popped his }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you put this here?\u8221\'94 He asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Gugi\u8217\'92s face was streteched beyond belief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you put this dead body here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92d kidnap some random bloke back in Solstan, haul his ass all the way out here, then kill him and stuff him up under your bush, just get you all stirred up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A smile started to spread on Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face when he realized that was exactly what Seb was thinking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That smile was, to Seb, as good an admittance of guilt as any.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dawnign as the rage started to take Sabe. Gugi came clean before he could blow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Relax! Holy hell. Goddamn. Relax. I didn\u8217\'92t do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who did?\u8221\'94 Seb asserted. \u8220\'93This body is fresh as a daisy\u8217\'92s bum. If there was someone skulking around these hills, planting bodies under bushes to put us off, we would have seen him. Had to be one of the Ayramun. And if it was any of them, it\u8217\'92d be you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ay-ya. Seb. No one is trying to curse you. This poor bik under your bush has nothing to do with us. He\u8217\'92s probably some wayward pilgrim who crawled up under there to eat the dirt and forgot to wake up. It doesn't mean anything. It\u8217\'92s just a dead body. It doesn\u8217\'92t even smell. Just get up in there, and lets get on with it.\u8221\'94'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not cuddlin' up with no dead body," Seb said. "And in point of fact, this ain\u8217\'92t no pilgrim road. This ain\u8217\'92t no pilgrim. It\u8217\'92s a dead body out in the middle of nowheres - not the middle of nowheres, its right in the middle of my bush, and that\u8217\'92s the clearest shout of a curse I\u8217\'92ve ever heard. And more in point of fact, Ayram ought to hear about this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t need to hear about this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Have you lost your water? Ayram ought to know there's a dead body down here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Don't worry Ayram with this shit. Just get in that bush and stop moaning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How abouts you get in that bush?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay. I will. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll do it if it will stop your shitting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No! You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not getting in that bush."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you just said -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not gonna let you cuddle up under no cursed demon bush right before shit gets hot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone\u8217\'92s getting in this bush. There\u8217\'92s no time to be scrying and softing about what is and isn\u8217\'92t cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb grabbed his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder before he could pull himself up under the karkle bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Look around," Gugi said. "There aren't any other spots." He gestured to the sloped walls of the ravine. If a rock was big enough, or a divot in the earth deep enough, a fellow bandit was already settling in. Most were lying down up top, above the ravine's lip. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi crawls up under. Bunch of rustling as he tries to get comfortable. He can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s kinda funny looking\u8221\'94. Has second thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What! What is it?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know who this is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is it?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi scrambled out from under the bush much faster, much less carefully than how he got in.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked at him expectantly, eyes wide and . Gugi was finally looking properlly of haveing seen a dead body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thats fucking Salavan Saran\u8217\'92s kid!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Salavan Saran\u8217\'92s kid! What\u8217\'92s his name? Man- something. That\u8217\'92s Salavan\u8217\'92s kid under that bush.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah thats him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull him out and see for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never seen him before. Wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to recognise him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull him out anyways. Because you\u8217\'92re right, Ayram needs to know about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain't touchin' no dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit. Seb. Grab his foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You grab his foot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to!\u8221\'94 Gugi reached down and took a firm grip of Mandri\u8217\'92s left ankle. He stared at Seb and shook Mandri\u8217\'92s ankle to show Seb just how tightly he was holding on. Mandri\u8217\'92s foot flopped around like limp fish. Seb took a step backwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now grab the other foot," Gugi said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb crossed his arm and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do it yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb , if you don\u8217\'92t squat down and do a part, I\u8217\'92m gonna start breakin rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb scoffed and kicked the dirt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t touchin\u8217\'92 no dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi rubbed his temples. He hated that he had to be the bigger boy. Seb had this way ever since they were kids, this stubbornness, it worked to get him what he wanted, which was always something new and shiny and . Gugi hated resorting to this, to losing Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stupid games, but there wasn\u8217\'92t time to stamp his foot and wrestle it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay Seb, what do you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To get the hell away from that dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me carry it to Ayram and I\u8217\'92ll give you my shard of salcite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Troble speaking with the borkine spine but they do it anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The furrow in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow softened. His jaw went slack and the borkine spine nearly slipped out of his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The pointy shard?\u8221\'94 He asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The pointy one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t take your salcite,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93That kind of stone can\u8217\'92t be parted with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the lucky stone. If you got rid of it, passed it on without the best of reasons, you\u8217\'92d be cursin\u8217\'92 yourself as bad as as this dead body is cursin\u8217\'92 me. That stone is alive. Elemental. It found you, you didn\u8217\'92t find it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a goddamned stone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as a \u8216\'91goddamned\u8217\'92 stone. If you ever listened to Ayram, you\u8217\'92d know that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi pulled the stone in question out of his pocket. Describe it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He held it up between his finger and his thumb, so that Seb could get a good look at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me carry the body,\u8221\'94 Gugi said, \u8220\'93or I\u8217\'92ll crush this thing into a million pieces, and then I\u8217\'92ll scatter the crumblings around you as you sleep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll mumble the witch\u8217\'92s anguish as I do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know the words to the witch\u8217\'92s anguish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say I\u8217\'92d chant it, I said I\u8217\'92d mumble it, and as long as I get the cadence right, thats good enough to get the demons stirring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not gonna do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will if you don\u8217\'92t help me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow returned to its near-permanent scowl. His mind raced for some way to get out of this situation. Gugi was a stubborn ass, and even though Seb knew that Gugi didn\u8217\'92t put stock in curses and luck and mystery, he knew that Gugi would do it if it meant annoying him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if Gugi couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be moved, maybe someone else could. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned round to face the other side of ravine, and called over to the young Papillion, who was busy nestling into the dirt behind a boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Papi! Come help us move something!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Papi had been listening the whole while to Seb and Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s little argument. He knew full well there was a body there in the bush. This close to the ambush, people weren\u8217\'92t supposed to be talking, much less shouting, so he showed Seb the back of his finger, and went back to burying himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi saw this and said to Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even Papi won\u8217\'92t put up with your shit. Always trying to get out of things. If I weren\u8217\'92t in charge of this little squad, then I\u8217\'92d leave and make you do it yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not trying to get out of anything. It\u8217\'92s just good sense to make someone else do it. The body isn\u8217\'92t cursing Papi, it\u8217\'92s cursing me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s trying to get out of it. Now, we both carry him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's a limp body. It's easier if just one person carries him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how you figure that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a limp body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, if you don\u8217\'92t grab that leg\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Change tact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want you to get in trouble. See, I\u8217\'92m gonna hike all the way back to Ayram, alone, and he\u8217\'92s gonna ask me what I\u8217\'92m doin there tellin him about a dead body instead of showin it to him. And I don\u8217\'92t want to blame you for not helping, but that\u8217\'92s the truth. And then he\u8217\'92s gonna make an example out of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram will understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If thats what you think, then fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing to do but march off to Ayram. The quick, easy step of a man unburdond by guilt. Soft, head up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait! Wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi stopped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Huffing , making a scene out of touching it. Grumbling and complaining all the way back to the plateau.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Rope, gugi climbs up first, little moment where Seb is staring at the body, then body gets hauled up, and seb climbs up after.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shelf of rock, titlted, like the corner of a broken table of the gods half-sunk into the sand.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right arm and threw him up and over his shoulder, like he was taking off with poached game. He then clambered up the scree, both hands free, easily balancing Mandri\u8217\'92s light weight. In fact, Mandri felt so light that he thought this giant of a man could have thrown him up to the cliff\u8217\'92s edge with one arm. That would have been as comfortable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they came to the cliff face Ayram let out a shrill whistle, and a rope came tumbling down from above. Ayram twirled this scratchy rope around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s waist, deftly knotted it with his long, deft fingers, then tugged it tight, and then Mandri was off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri bounced along as the rope pulled him up the cliff face. Along the way caught sight of people down in the ravine. The sight of their little heads popping out from behind rocks and boulders, or the lip of the ravine on either side of the road, was shocking. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been there the whole time, and he\u8217\'92d walked right through the middle of them.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He could see ill omens in the darting flight of a black bird. Blabh blah blah. Or, as now, in the body of a boy under a bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was a strange coincidence because he was about to hide up under this bush. That there was a dead body already there - freshly dead by the look of him - well that was a strange coincidence indeed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Solraheen has seen special care to him}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blue eyes staring into a bush at a body, where a body should not be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he had lived another hour longer he would smelled the musky odor of sweat and beak oil wafting down from the top of the ravine. He would have heard the soft patter of footsteps on the dusty road. He would have seen the bark-sheathe boots a man stop right in front of his bush, and he would have felt two blue-grey eyes gawking down at him through the spaces in-between the karkle's twigs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two blue-grey eyes, Jandri eyes, belonging to a man named Seb Soreel. They were sparkling, bright and curious, and they narrowed as they searched Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bundled body for any sign of life. Seb thought it would be strange to find someone here on the side of the road, but he knew it would be a bad, bad omen if that someone was dead.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}