{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had been a while since Mandri had seen so many men gathered at once. Description of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun were forced to lead. His pace was furious, and his path-finding was nonsensical. The start of the Goree Pass was a gently rising wagon path leading into a winding canyon.  Once around the fist bend, the giant scrambled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree. Pyetle assumed the giant was attempting an escape, but Ayram waited at the top for all to follow. To Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unworked hands and feet it might as well have been a wall of thorns. Moto had to push him up from behind, and Moteah had to pull him from above. Pyetle was forced to leave his horse behind with a bevy of men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once atop this slope, they shimmied along a shelf of sturdy rock which ran parallel to the road below until they came to a narrow crack in the wall of red stone behind them. The crack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opening was hardly wider than the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders. Somehow, Ayram barreled into it without so much as a stutter step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It waseven tougher going from then on. If Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t racked with fear he might have savored the scene, for the stacked layers of rock on either side were were made of chalky reds bent into dramatic, sweeping forms. This beauty towered overhead and bracketed a thin, winding strip of blue sky above. There the sun played a game of peekaboo with Mandri as he ran himself ragged. Such was the height and swerve of the walls that the sunlight never touched the mush of sand and fallen rock that was the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri ran on, and on, with Seb right behind. He ran so long that the oppressive sun had time to cross the streamlet of sky above. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sprint eventually slowed to a half-hearted jog, but this was still a faster pace than Mandri could muster. He began to fall behind, and when he slowed to a walk Seb slapped the back of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri consoled himself with the thought of the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon in his pocket. He patted the bulb inside his robe to make sure his little victory was still there. That\u8217\'92s when he heard a thumb-finger whistle calling from up ahead. Seb called back with a whit-wheeting whistle, and she forced Mandri back into a sprint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The way belled out into a valley fringed by slopes of rubble. It was a miniature valley of sorts, recently made as a great length of the canyon on either side had collapsed. To the left, towering above the precarious western slope, was the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tallest plateau. It stretched beyond vision. Above that plateau was the blazing, latter-day sun. Hiding in the shadows of the larger rocks were the Ayramun, waiting for Mandri and Seb to catch up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re almost there,\u8221\'94 Moteah said upon seeing Mandri\u8217\'92s pained expression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Day progressed, the canyon shadows grew black and the brilliant blue of the sky dimmed into deeper hues. The sky was pink when their path began to lead upwards, first up a steep rise and then a more gradual slope that emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There, Mandri was greeted with a sight which crowded out his aches. Some hundred yards away was the start of a dizzying staircase which led up to another massive plateau. Halfway through tired groan he realized that the massive plateau above was actually a temple. It drew high into the sky, a single curved wall embossed with geometric patterns\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 circles, diamonds, squares, and triangles all joined together to roughly resemble faces. From a distance, there were animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval taller than ten men demarcated the edges of a fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gape. The nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a hawk, and the beak of the hawk was the tooth of the fox and also the skull of what seemed to be a mouse. It was patterns inside of patterns, lines inside of lines, densely packed, wrapping around the rock like some kaleidoscopic belt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never seen its like in a painting. All the monumental wonders get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights this temple should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered heighten the glory of the conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the Lordly crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not even accounting for the effects of the bewitching evening sun whose amber rays painted the stone with flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Lords did not know of it. If they did, they would have conquered it a long time ago. If they learned of it now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have an easier time of it because the building appeared to be deserted. Above the graven faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall were rows of mullioned arches, each as empty of candlelight as the next. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a lizard lady. But the air was silent save for the whistling wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like Seb was wrong,\u8221\'94 Moteah whistled. \u8220\'93Shulgi is empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb is always wrong,\u8221\'94 Moto sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram guided them up a well-trodden slope to the foot of the long flight of stairs which led up to the temple entrance. These were troublesome stairs, and there were at least two hundred of them. They were steep, and every step had to be dealt with on its own terms for each step had its own unique slump from the wear of ages. They looked more like layers of melted wax than stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Three steps up and Mandri noticed a dark stain climbing up the stairs with him as he went. He guessed that up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be any number of other substances. Perfumed wine, red berry brine, or ink. It could be slurried excrement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a temple that large had to drain out somewhere, though it would be odd that they\u8217\'92d have it running out the front door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he knew it was blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because of course it was blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was evil near, and there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any people where people were expected to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That meant demons. And that meant blood. Blood had the most explanatory power. It explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under skin. It explained why his knees trembled and why, as he crested the final stair and stepped onto the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forecourt, why he felt the urge to flee. Then his eyes alighted on the temple entrance, itself a curvilinear sculpture to match the designs on the wall; this one a head of a viper. Its fangs were similarly stained by that dark substance, leading Mandri to wonder if the building itself had eaten the Greskalun. More explanatory power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They crossed the pillared court at a decent clip. Moto drew his sword as if to do battle with the building itself. He stopped before crossing the threshold. He peered inside, then drew away and said to Ayram, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose  you should go first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For the first time in perhaps his life, Ayram was worried. He hesitated before the yawning entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet scoffed at the suggestion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are not going back,\u8221\'94 she said resolutely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was a step ahead of him, already striking sparks of flint onto a bundle of torch sticks. The dried resin caught flame quickly, and soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of black smoke swirling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto sipped a long breath to compose himself, and he thrust the torch into the temple interior. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sent a swarm of bats screeching and the Ayramun reeling. The creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s took flight, they swarmed out of the entrance in a frightening swarm. Their wingbeats battered the torch smoke as they swirled out of the viper\u8217\'92s mouth, and they swerved along the temple wall before disappearing into some unseen hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After the last few stragglers dripped out, Moto recomposed himself and leaned his torch back into the temple entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When nothing stirred, he leaned himself in as well and sniffed the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His face immediately soured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah agreed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto held his torch aloft and stepped into the temple. Everyone else filtered in behind with Ayram ensuring the rear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a Lord\u8217\'92s barge, thrice as long, and at least four times Mandri\u8217\'92s height. Moto\u8217\'92s torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dug out into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit that was filled to the brim with white ash. Wind had swept some of this ash around the room, with trails of it sprinkling the nearby columns and frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing the Ayramun, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto halted his column with an outstretched arm, and he waved his torch back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello!\u8221\'94, Moto shouted, but his words echoed back without rejoinder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The figure, robed in green and splattered in ash, sat slumped, arms folded into his robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible flesh was his black, ash matted hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably dead,\u8221\'94 Seb marked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You the one who said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92 to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet made a grasping motion towards Moto, requesting the torch. Moto acquiesced, and with the torchlight leading the way, Elrahet hobbled towards the mysterious figure. Everyone else followed with much less surety in their step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He must\u8217\'92ve been eating mice,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he kicked a small spine that was lying on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or the bats,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now that Mandri knew that bones were there he was seeing them everywhere. The scattered remains of small creatures littered the floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, perhaps foxes, mice, and plenty of beetle shells too. Elrahet broke the stunned silence when she waddled up to that cross-legged figure and poked him hard with her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man fell onto his side. His impact kicked up a cloud of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is indeed dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared. \u8220\'93And he is not a man, or I should say, not wholly a man. His stomach is changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bent down and rubbed the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe between her fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93This is the raiment of a prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah then asked what Mandri was thinking, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Greskal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskal\u8217\'92s son.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. But he almost was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s willingness to walk so far into the room gave Mandri the courage to join her. His feet were glad to be on smooth, flat stone, and he was glad to be \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a distinction that he forgot existed after spending so many days wandering in the wilderness. So what if there were dead creatures and a dead body and general atmosphere of gloom? So what if there were demons lurking in the shadows? It felt good to flout these ominous things. If he didn\u8217\'92t, he\u8217\'92d probably faint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He crept towards the fire-pit and noticed a faint golden glimmer at the back of the room. He walked past Elrahet and the firepit, towards that glimmer, for shining faintly in the torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dancing light was an enormous golden statue of Solraheen sitting at the back of the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As far as statues of the Most Favored go, this one was a rare Old Jandri piece where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a form outlawed by Hrk, for it was sacrilegious to suggest that Solraheen did not dwell in Jeket alone. Here, His golden skin was smooth and His body featureless. His face was round, alive, and enlightened. His pose was rigid as a board, as if crafted by someone who had never sat before and had the act described. The Hrks would later give Solraheen the muscles of a hero and the natural bearing of a Hrkan Lord being crowned, but Mandri preferred this older style. It was less tied to reality. It was more primitive, and therefore, more true. And it was huge, at least ten feet tall. Where most closet Solraheens were inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, this Solraheen sat out in the open, and his seat was a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a beautiful sight. A source of serenity. None of it glittered as brightly as Mandri might have wanted, for a thin layer of dust dulled its luster, and some of that fire-lorn ash speckled Him over. While all that was a shame, it could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. But what could not be forgiven was the fact that, instead of a clean and warm amber glow, Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden skin was darkly mottled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cringed at the impiety. Pure gold cannot tarnish. This meant that the Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No wonder Solraheen did not deliver them from their suffering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And worse, standing by Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left foot were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was impossible to say for certain what this urine was for, but there was narrative proximity here which could not be ignored. Surely the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller statue,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Elrahet croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pointed to the statue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s tarnished,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not pure gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet tissked at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s charge and winced as if it wounded her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol cares not for gold,\u8221\'94 she said sharply. \u8220\'93What He cares about is this man,\u8221\'94 she poked the dead prince again with her cane, \u8220\'93And that poor thing there.\u8221\'94 She pointed with the torch towards a dark lump on the floor. It wasn\u8217\'92t but ten feet away from Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a mop of dark hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a human ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a neck, and attached to this neck were a few links of spine. What flesh there was looked like it had been munched on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shuffled away from this severed head, and crept back towards the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bastard must\u8217\'92ve been hungry,\u8221\'94 Seb joked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Elrahet corrected. \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t hunger which urged this tasting of flesh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was standing over the green robed body. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that other man over there?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was his final meal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, we\u8217\'92re leaving,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is nothing to fear here,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93The struggle which took place in this room is over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should burn it,\u8221\'94 Moteah suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be so quick to judge those fell into Schisol\u8217\'92s shadow. There is no greater struggle. This boy was one of Solraheen\u8217\'92s champions. He was braver than any of you. He fought against the rising tide and cut out his own stomach before it transformed him completely. See here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held the torch low to the firepit. She poked around with her cane to reveal, half buried in ash, a large round stomach. Evidently the green-robed prince had cut it out at the neck and then tossed it into the fire like a lure which dragged with it the intestines, and these he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cut as well and tossed into the ash. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he had lost his battle, this world\u8217\'92s woes would be magnified by a hundred thousand thousand. We\u8217\'92d have two Amalgametes instead of one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stomach was black, nearly as black as Fabled Black, and while that might be expected for flesh cooked in flames, it seemed to Mandri that the organ was blackened by evil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was he responsible for the pilgrims in the Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. She then pulled out her golden knife and cut the stomach open without effort. She used her cane to spread the halves apart, and she leaned over it as if to divine it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew very little about the art of divination. He knew that the stomach was the seat of the Spark, and that the organ is subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the stomach\u8217\'92s stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there are the patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the meaning of current and past events but predict the future. That was all that Mandri knew. It was not a functional knowledge. He did not expect, when Elrahet cut into that black stomach, that he would understand anything about what was going on, but after a half a finger of silent staring, the stomach squirmed and burped up a black puff of smoke that struck Mandri dumb with dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take a witch to interpret this sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Evil lived here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aaaaallllright,\u8221\'94 said Moto, his voice uneven. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re leaving now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet ignored him and continued to sort through the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s putrid contents with her blade, and her face grew more sullen with every poke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah watched as if she could read it too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t him,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Elrahet who answered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the one who poled those pilgrims. There is another, and he is close. He is here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}