{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Sdf}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Many edits were made to preserve clarity. Clarity is GOD. Clarity is something that beginners in any artform don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite get, because they aren\u8217\'92t used to looking at their own work with objective eyes. You need to work reallll hard on maintaining clarity of thought and expression. Once you\u8217\'92ve got a good sense for how clear your writing is, you can experiment with more poetic turns of phrase and structure. For example: the transition from \u8220\'93Bart?\u8221\'94 -> \u8220\'93The last turning the pang into a bottomless pit.\u8221\'94 A clearer version: \u8220\'93Bart? This last name turned the pang into a bottomless pit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Also: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Black hole\u8217\'92/ \u8216\'91pang of sorrow\u8217\'92 / \u8216\'91swallowing abyss\u8217\'92 - these are basic/default descriptors for a character struggling with depression. It\u8217\'92s something a middle schooler would write. You need to dig deeper. I\u8217\'92ve tried to just put a basic twist on it so it\u8217\'92s not so transparent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What i\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve written is good, but it gets the idea across.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eventually she gave up and defaulted to Ram, because who else was there? The Marquis brothers and their boys? One of their Guards? All of them were brutes who relished violence more than most - not to mention it meant dealing with Jillian. Perhaps Midwife Abi if she was done with the boys. Little Ricket? Each name was more difficult to imagine sitting next to Anna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s than the last. But there was one which trumped them all:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Bart and Anna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Absurd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Bart and Despair, more like.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Never someone and Anna. Forever just Anna alone, for her beauty was a siren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s song at the bottom of a bottomless well, enthralling all who wander near, drawing them downward into its depths, downward into sorrow and self-pity, teasing them with faint glimpses of the evanescent Anna. Bart was so deep now that the very thought of her was crushing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}