{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story begins at rich estate run by a man named Vigram. Mandrameen, called Mandri, is there to teach Vigram how to paint. Vigram is there to try and set Mandri up with his daughter, for Mandri is a prodigious talent and such a match would buy Vigram great esteem. Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s daughter is comely, but Mandri rejects the match because he has more important things to do, like getting high and wasting his life away on his barren, salt-stained farm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri retreats to his farm and gets drunk on spiked-up burgeon beer. As he lazes the day away with his pet ox, he is approached by a strange old woman named Pell. Mandri tries to shoo Pell away, but she is persistent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she has come to ask Mandri a few questions, for she wants to know if Mandri might serve her god by playing a role in prophecy. Mandri wants nothing to do with it, but she wants everything to do with him. And she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hungry. She kills Mandri\u8217\'92s ox, eats its divine Spark, and she threatens Mandri with the same if he doesn\u8217\'92t go into Meskalim and see its governor, a man Salavan Soreen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stumbles into the slum-city of Meskalim and finds Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mansion. Salavan invites Mandri inside, brings him down into the basement, where he compels Mandri to paint a picture using only pigments made from Fabled Black. Mandri does so under the watchful eye of a dead body which Salavan keeps in the room for motivation. The black portrait that Mandri paints transports him to a void where a dripping black head begins to emerge from the canvas. Mandri recognizes the being is Schisol, an evil god. Mandri shrieks, and he is pulled out this nightmare and back into Salavan\u8217\'92s basement, where Salavan stands amazed at what Mandri has seen. Salavan tells Mandri how delighted he is as he leaps for Mandri\u8217\'92s neck and chokes him dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story transitions to the foothills of the Hias mountains, where a dirty bandit named Seb finds Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body under a bush. This is an ill omen, and Seb carries the body to a witch named Elrahet. She is not too concerned about it, and declares that is not enough for their bandit troop, called the Ayramun, to cancel their ambush. Their target is a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  fleshcrafted being who can shoot a beam of fire out its mouth, called a Mazid. The Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ambush is successful and they capture the Mazid, but not before the Mazid slaughters a great number of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story transitions back to Mandri, who wakes up in a cave and believes he his dead and that he has entered into the underworld, called Shis. In the cave with him is the captured Mazid, named Obo, who Mandri believes is a demon. Obo eventually convinces Mandri that he is not actually dead, that he is somewhere out in the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Pitted Portion, and that he is a captive of an outland troop who call themselves the Ayramun. Mandri and Obo are dragged out into a larger pit cave, where the Ayramun\u8217\'92s leader, a giant named Ayram, calls forth a girl, named Purl, to step forth to try and exercise her newfound power as Obo\u8217\'92s Minder, for the Mazid cannot wield his flame on his own accord, it is called forth by a Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder. Purl tries to wield Obo as a weapon, but she fails. The old witch Elrahet says Purl needs time to recover from an injury, and Ayram reluctantly accepts this excuse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram leads his band out into the Sand, to a hideout called Minting Rock. There it is discovered that Obo can be tracked from anywhere in the world by a different fleshcrafted creature, called a Mazidariga. At that moment, a Mazidariga arrives at Minting Rock with a column of soldiers. A great battle takes place, and Minting Rock is destroyed, but the Ayramun prevail. Unfortunately, Obo had his pseudo-Spark sucked out of his body by the Mazidariga and he has gone limp. Fortunately, the Ayramun captured the Mazidariga, and the witch Elrahet was able to return Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pseudo-Spark into his body. Obo awakens, and the surviving Ayramun fret about what to do, as they cannot hide from the armies of Hrk if Obo can be so easily tracked. They decide that they\u8217\'92re going to have to capture another Mazidariga. Ayram\u8217\'92s plan is to have the captured Mazidariga draw Obo\u8217\'92s Spark from his body a second time and leave it that way, thus rendering Obo untraceable. When they need Obo to do what they need him to do, they will simply put his pseudo-Spark right back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here it is revealed that Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s goal is to destroy the power of the Hrkan Lords by smuggling Obo into the caverns under the Hrkan capital and have him kill the god of creation, named Solraheen. Obo states that he will go along with this plan willingly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no need for a Minder to force the fire out of his mouth, but he\u8217\'92ll only do it if the Ayramun give him something in return. He wants his own bright and willful Spark, because for him it means freedom. He believes that Elrahet can give it to him, just as Elrahet had revived Mandri with a Spark. However, Elrahet does not trust Obo, and she denies his request\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they\u8217\'92ll make do with Ayram\u8217\'92s plan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Ayramun flee across the Sand. They rest at an small and empty desert temple, where Seb guides Mandri down a ladder and into the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s depths, tempting Mandri along with the promise of burgeons. The pair settle down in a small room, where Seb gives Mandri a sliver of a God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon. The effect of this burgeon is so strong that it sends Mandri into a catatonic state. When this is done, the demon witch named Pell\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the witch who had killed Mandri\u8217\'92s ox and set the story in motion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 emerges from the dark. Seb is revealed to be her servant, a traitor to the Ayramun. Pell wishes to see the Ayramun fail, and upon hearing Seb\u8217\'92s account of their capture of the Mazid, she conjures a sandstorm to force the Ayramun to head for the Goree Pass, where her minions await.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram takes the bait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he leads his band to the Goree Pass, where he expects to find a friendly tribe, called the Greskalun. But the Pass is abandoned, and worse, there are signs of an infestation of demons. Soon, the Ayramun are set upon by another Mazidariga who heads a column of soldiers. But this Mazidariga is more patient than the first\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it had seen the carnage of the battle at Minting Rock and wishes to treat with Obo, for it believes the Mazid is in charge. Ayram takes advantage of the Mazidariga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ignorance and pretends to act as Obo\u8217\'92s emissary. He claims that he will betray Obo for a cash reward. When the exchange is made, Ayram outwits and outmuscles the Mazidariga, for just as the Mazidariga swallows Obo\u8217\'92s Spark, Ayram kills it, and he his kin flee with the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s corpse into the Goree Pass. Ayram feels that they have won, as they effectively removed the tracker from Obo\u8217\'92s body, and they can march unmolested straight to Jeket to carry out their act of deicide.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the Hrkan soldiers are close on their heels. They chase the Ayramun into a massive mountain temple. After the Ayramun get lost in the Temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bowels, they stumble upon a great abomination\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an immobile blob the size of a house and called the Amalgamete. This demon king births other frightful demons to do its bidding, and the Ayramun are attacked. A frenzied battle takes place. The Ayramun achieve a pyrrhic victory, for though the Amalgamete is dead, the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s body was destroyed, losing Obo\u8217\'92s psuedo-Spark forever. Ayram himself is killed, his body too mangled to bring back. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, desperate for a way to continue her quest, decides to grant Obo his wish. She fashions a Spark from the Amalgamete\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, and Obo is born anew. He is now in complete in control of his own body, a god-like weapon set free. Elrahet tries to convince him to help her cause in killing Solraheen. When Obo does not agree, Elrahet decides that the only way to convert him is to bring him down to the underworld and show him first-hand why killing Solraheen is necessary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet leads what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left of the Ayramun down in the depths of the earth, straight to the doors of Shis. There, she makes a fire and tells them the story of the world. It is revealed that the evil god Schisol and the good god Solraheen are of the same flesh, one body and two minds, though only one mind present at any given time. While Solraheen wishes to preserve life, Schisol wishes to destroy it so that every living Spark can be reunited into a single whole\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that includes the Obo. Then the doors of Shis open, and the evil witch Pell steps forth. Pell and Elrahet trade barbs, for they are the most ancient of enemies, and Pell confirms to the Obo that she will stop at nothing to end him. Obo, the demigod, picks a side\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he tries to kill Pell with his Mazidfire. But the evil witch disappears into a puff of smoke, and as she does, the doors of Shis open wider to reveal a demonic horde.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus ends the first part of the novel.}}