{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two years ago, Mandri sold what little he owned and bought a farm ten miles outside of Meskalim. Gil, his ox, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rescued from a leech farm. He\u8217\'92d found the poor old beast withers-deep in a swamp, tied to a frame. The ropes kept Gil snug while leeches fed on him. Two wooden bars were set under his legs to keep him from collapsing into the murk from pain and exhaustion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nowadays, Gil spent his time roaming the barren field that was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s farm, searching desperately for food. The flap of his heavy dewlap rolled his yellow hide back and forth over his sagging, aged spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri and Gil had tried growing burgeon bushes, but the land was not good for it. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t good for anything. The dirt was worn out. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t know that at the time because he didn\u8217\'92t know anything about farming. His first few plantings were fine, but after that, any strong rain would suck the salt up out of the ground and have it pool on the surface. Now his field looked like a sweaty, brown, salt-stained tunic that had been left to dry out in the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only thing that would grow was a solitary hornscrub tree. It grew right smack-dab in the middle of the field. The tree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shade was the only place to laze the days away, and lazing there meant Mandri and Gil would have to look upon the dead earth and scattered stalks of failure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was no matter, though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Escape could be bought for the price of a burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A whole bushel could buy real peace of mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri found that if he mixed the burgeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s juice into a milky-white berry hooch that he\u8217\'92d left steeping in a hole in the ground, well, two mouthfuls of that and all worries melted away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He picked the pot out of its hole, burped it, then sipped a mouthful\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only a mouthful because he wanted to ease into it. There was no need to rush. It was a beautiful sunny day. There was even a breeze sifting through the boughs of his hornscrub tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A breeze like that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s not something that could be captured by a painting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then again, nothing can be }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be captured by a painting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Buckskin}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears swiveled at the mention of his name, and the rest of his head slowly followed. His protuberant eyes stared back through the vines, a dumb, bovine ogle. Slobber dripped unheeded from his lower lip. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil blinked, then got distracted by the long grass brushing his belly. He bit off a mouthful and began to chew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil! Hup!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This startled Gil into motion, sending him trotting towards the patio. The flap of his heavy dewlap rolled his short-hair hide back and forth over his sagging, aged spine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s squint was getting severe. She asked, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri says: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m going to break your jaw on my knee.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s green eyes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ou can get by without an airlock, however you will need to 'burp' your container daily (or more than once a day at the start)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next time maybe OP can ferment it in the bend of his toilet and we can talk about real prison hooch}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am come in the service of Salavan Soreen, who is in the service of Lord Gagan. As you may or may not be aware, his Lordship lacks a Mazid. Finding one means finding a vessel, into which the Lord can invest his will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you consider yourself to be \u8216\'91fertile ground\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91infertile ground\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very good. Next, this is somewhat esoteric, but have you ever heard of the Burshageet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are many interpretations for the word burshegee, and whenever interpretations overlap in the same person, it makes it all the more likely that they are the true burshageet. It can mean \u8216\'91fertile ground\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91empty vessel\u8217\'92, or  simply, \u8216\'91eunuch\u8217\'92. It can also mean \u8216\'91impotent artist\u8217\'92. It can also mean the opposite of all these things. This leads to you. I would say that a failed painter who tends a fruitless farm might qualify. Wouldn\u8217\'92t you agree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}