{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in pretty bad shape. You think he\u8217\'92s going to make it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, I don\u8217\'92t know if you gonna to make it.\u8221\'94 Moteah looked Pyetle up and down, clearly unimpressed with his fitness. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know how bad it is out there. It\u8217\'92s not just the heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been on caravans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We ain\u8217\'92t keep to the roads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well if you\u8217\'92re concerned about me, then how is he gonna make it?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, nodding in Mazyd\u8217\'92s direction. Moteah stopped him, and looked in his eyes with intent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, I\u8217\'92m tryin to get you worryin about yourself. Ya need to be. Let us worry bout him. For you, for now, it needs to be one step at a time. It needs to be that way for a while. Shits about to get real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked back again at Mazyd and wondered if the beaten man could hear their conversation. Mazyd was far enough down the face of the dune that if he were just another human, it would be impossible, but he was a Seilsi,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a lot unusual about Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance - the hairlessness, the androgyny - but there was nothing that suggested unnatural ability. There were the strange tattoos, and perhaps they were working some magic into his veins, but Pytele doubted it. Mazyd just looked too helpless. No one infused with a magical force would drag their feet in the sand. No one who could see through walls could be ambushed and captured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mayzd stumbled as he trudged up dune. His left leg buckled, and the weight of him As he fell he did enough to keep the bandages out of the sand, but his hip hit a rock and he . The two guys minding him moaned and cursed and yelled at him to get back up. Moteah looked on in disgust. She despised Mazyd. They all did, save Pyetle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could help with the Seilsi,\u8221\'94 Pyetle suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, what did I just say. Worry about yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am worrying about myself. I\u8217\'92m thinking about how I fit in. It seems like none of you want to deal with the Seilsi - well that\u8217\'92s something I could do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask Pella about it.\u8221\'94 She turned back to the course and trudged along. \u8220\'93Come on, we almost there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Real battle wounds were so much more visceral. Some of the dead a dirt nap, but others, well, the things that Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron spear did to a body wasn\u8217\'92t fit for display in polite society. One Hrkan soldier had been whacked in the belly and that folded him completely in half, his spine bursting out his back, his face nestled neatly in between his knees. If Fremel had painted this man as he was, no one would have believed it. If she had painted a man without a jaw and had his turned completely around, Mandri would have supposed that Fremel should have brushed up on her anatomy. Bodies just don\u8217\'92t do that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since Tob wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t married, the only thing he had was his rocks. None of the dead Ayramun were married. Only Tob had rocks. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri scratched his chin and wondered if Tob would have gone to each of the Ayramun and give them a lucky rock. He found it difficult to carry out the will a dead man when he don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know him all that well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did Tob even want him to have these rocks? It could be risky taking them, without assurances. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only person he felt comfortable approaching with this issue was Purl. So, he walked over to where she was finishing up with Seb, and asked her straight,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah stood up, hands on hips, and glared at Mandri like he was her child.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make yourself useful. Search those bodies for satchels with Hrkan rations. We\u8217\'92re going to be leaving soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And leave Tob like this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shadow passed over Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face as she looked down upon her dead companion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not Tob,\u8221\'94 she said, and then she stepped aside and moved on to scrummage through the uniform of a dead Hrkan soldier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hopped down and picked up Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lucky rocks. These rocks were Tob\u8217\'92s life work. He thought it would seem a shame to leave them there to get buried by the Sand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took one rock from the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91lucky\u8217\'92 pouch, and tucked it back into Tob\u8217\'92s robes, thinking that the man should be buried with at least one of them on the off chance that the Hrkan rhyme about the afterlife was true; }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When you die, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The things you bring,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Are the clothes on your back,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab And your wedding ring.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl rolled her eyes. She gave Mandri a knowing glance, a flutter, knowing glance, lingering long enough to say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You and me are the only real people in this conversation.\u8221\'94 It\u8217\'92s a look that\u8217\'92s meant to be a private aside, but she did it right in front of Seb, knowing he\u8217\'92d catch it, and when he did, his scowl turned into outright anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t roll your eyes at me, bitch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll roll my eyes at whoever I want to roll my eyes at.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri mulled it over. If Moteah hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t put the rocks into his field of vision, he never would have thought about them otherwise. It was easy to imagine Tob\u8217\'92s lonely ghost hovering there above his corpse, compelling Moteah to pull the rocks from out of his robes, so that they might dangle there in the air like an ox\u8217\'92s uglies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe Seb was right. The proof that Tob gave the rocks to him was that he had them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a certain freedom in just accepting it. A certain dry logic, too. Then there was the fact that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d miraculously escaped death four times over now. At a certain point, after the miracle stack up,  .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So these rocks are useless then.\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he weighed the pouches in his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Seb asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob interrupted Mandri with a revelation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you were doing dead in our ravine? Trying to fulfill some prophecy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like I told Purl, I was killed and then dumped there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t lie,\u8221\'94 Purl said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl looks up with a skeptical look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this about that whole \u8216\'91Painted Eunuch\u8217\'92 thing?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri said defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob eye\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lit up. \u8220\'93What painted eunuch thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nothing,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri thinks he\u8217\'92s some prophetic eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a eunuch?\u8221\'94 asked Tob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob eyed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s groin with some concern.  \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see your uglies then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not showing you my... It isn\u8217\'92t about a eunuch. You can interpret the prophecy a bunch of different ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A eunuch only means one thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, the prophecy was written in Old Jandri, and the way it\u8217\'92s written-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you told Ayram about all this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Ayram is superstitious man and he wants to know what Mandri was doing in the ravine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl sh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then lets go! I want to see what he thinks of this.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hoooold on. As far as I\u8217\'92m concerned, I have nothing to do with this whole Painted Eunuch thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92ve got something to do with something!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This last profundity snapped something in Purl, and she smacked the ground with her pack and challenged Seb, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do understand that the words coming out of your mouth don\u8217\'92t mean anything, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll see what Ayram has to say.\u8221\'94 He then stood up, put his crusty hand on the back of Mandri\u8217\'92s neck, and led him away.}}