{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 World<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Light - Lohwuk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Night - Nohwuk}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohwl - Sohen - Sun}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mohnur - Monu  - Moon}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew I was a child of Moon when I would sleep during the day. My natural cycle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Sohen / Monu - personified - words \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Sun/Moon\u8217\'92 stem from orthodox Imperial belief that Sun - lord of day - moon - lord of night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohn and Mohnu co-exist in the same form. Only one is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91active\u8217\'92 at a time. They are immortal, but can die. Upon death, the active deity switches from light - dark and vice-versa. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Battle of Light against Dark is the eternal conflict. Sun, when active, will try to set up earthly structures to thwart the the doings of Moon, should the day come when Sun is killed and Moon takes over. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the people, which one is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91good\u8217\'92 is dependent upon which one you believe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humans are incapable of determining right course of action in this context - Invincible ignorance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iram has been an acolyte of both for eons. Grew tired of the grind and just trapped them under a continental shelf.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd Oro sees what is going on under the hood however, and decides that, for the betterment of humanity, the light/dark/ dichotomy must be destroyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93YOU can\u8217\'92t kill me! Sooner destroy the sun. I sustain life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under the hood:  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nohuk was first - wandered the world in solitude. Came to understand that his body was a trap of the divine essence. After an eon of wandering and investigation, he discovered the material world was the product of a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91rusting\u8217\'92 process of the divine spark. So, he spent all his days trying to seal the gap that allowed the divine to materialize and corrupt, and once he thought his job was completed, he decided to end his own life in an attempt to return to the spark. So, he slit his wrist and bled into the shandra river, which is now the home to the helamites. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But instead of decaying, his body was moments later assumed by Lohuk. Lohuk, having no knowledge of Nohuk, only the imitible footprints in the mud next to him, spent another eon searching for a companion. Lohuk was stunned by the natural beauty of the world, and had an internal compulsion to share the experience. His body had a natural attunement to the demiurge, which Nohuk cultivated, and so he created for himself a wife, shelati - a pure vessel for the divine spark. From them came children. From them came the human race. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Lohuk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s family was not, like himself, immortal. Over time it splintered into tribes. Lohuk could not keep them together. Lohuk could not be defeated in battle - instead, he was assassinated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Nohuk rose with the body. At first confusion at being put back, and then at seeing so many creatures around him that were in his image. Seeing a statue of himself, he quickly reasoned what was happening, that he had not been in control of his own body.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 imbibing the host essence, he killed himself to release the spark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri to other:  Word for Light comes from Lohuk. Word for night comes from Nohuk. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that could just be because Lohuk was present more recently than Nohuk.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Pre ambush<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Mandri was saved by Ayram}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Seculla was too - mandri tries to learn how.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Seculla is reticent to tell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Mandri is new to to the cult - eager, wants to be nearer to impact peoples lives}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - If the people knew Ayram was here! If they could see. We could start something. Until then its this writing!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Ambush<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Elrahet summons only a fog - no water, no mud. It will have to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - caravan come through ravine, arrows fly, imperials circle up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - mage comes out, dudes dying around him - huge burst - obliterates both sides of the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - through the raining hail of debris, ayram sets ight on his massive bow, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - potentially reburst of energy back at ayram}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - OR - simply leave Ayram be and include him in post ambush}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Mage gets knocked unconscious}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - OR - chance for someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quality to shine - maybe Mandri or Pella.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Post Ambush<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Group returns to pitcave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - very sad, a good number are dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mandri is arguing with Purl about the shit loot, then argues with Pella about direction of Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - The captured mage is a mazydei.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - They were set up by a man in Mudwater named Salavan.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Mudwater<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - intro pyetle, languishing in his field }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - fog in the distance, if only it could be rain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - salted earth. Sold shit by salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slaves are starving out in the field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -dude comes by is like, dude I told you not to buy this land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - ill buy your slaves though}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - pyetle says, just take them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - what are you going to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - going to let sol take me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - convinces pyetle to kill salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - you know what, heres a knife. Take it and kill him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Sad Pyetle, lost everything, wants to kill source of his miseries, salavan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mysterious figure gives him dagger??? Convinces him to go kill Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - who is this figure - first woman?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - someone who wants Salavan, and then Iram to get the dagger. Classic \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91free our lord\u8217\'92. Desiring end to empire. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - dagger was stolen from some shrine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - goes to salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house, conversation, Pyetle flubs the whole killing operation, and salavan notices the dagger - Explains the importance of it - from Sol\u8217\'92s P.O.V.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is about to kill pyetle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Iram shows up intervenes, interrogates salavan as to why he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d set them up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - lost half my peeps u idiot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Salavan is cult of Dark (Alter of Light) - seeks destruction of empire. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - There is a relic of Light there. A Powerful relic of Light - Light\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s razor, used in the ritual death switching process. How did you get this??? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ask him! Stole from some shrine in the desert is suppose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stole it from a shrine in the desert?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have said stolen. }
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Underworld}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Ayram takes pyetle down through the underworld, back through pit cave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - along the way, ayram stops at a strange door, enters, then exits}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Interrogation<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pyetle is put in prison w/ mazydei, who is in bad condition}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - mazyd reveals himself to pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mazydei and pyetle are brought out from prison and into pit cave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - ayram makes his distaste of the mazydei clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - mazydei is like, I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even know who you are. Wtf are you doing out here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Same thing as you???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I can forgive the loss of my men as operating costs. My Hands? I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the same personal revenge gene that keeps you humans at eachother\u8217\'92s throats for generations.  Where are you going anyways? Whats your plan? What are you even doing out here? You don\u8217\'92t have what I\u8217\'92m looking for. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And what is that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A little girl. If she was here, you could threaten to kill her and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be at a disadvantage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You mean this little girl?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mazyd lays down the fact that they are being hunted.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m surpised your scouts haven\u8217\'92t seen them yet. They don\u8217\'92t care about being seen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Triggered alarm whistle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve known about this little hole for years}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Do they know about minting rock?}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Flee<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - haul up and out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - flee to minting rock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -encounter old, desiccated dude - spring nearby}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - is this not shiggorath\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cave? I followed the stories!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - sees ayram and calls him shiggorath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Where are we going? Mandri and Pyetle want to know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know. We never know. Ayram makes the decisions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - That doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grate with you guys?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - still being followed (WTF, should have lost them in the sand)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - You said they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Ringwraiths, They\u8217\'92re  a kind of failsafe system. Designed to track us down and kill us if our interests ever misalign with the empires. I suppose they think I\u8217\'92ve gone rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - why didnt you tell us before?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - You can trust what I say, but im not going to benefit you to my own detriment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Then why tell us now?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re far enough out into the sand that I can see the horizon in every direction. I can see the riders with the nekkid eye. Theyre close enough that if you wander in any direction, they\u8217\'92ll find you. If you want to survive, you\u8217\'92ve got to disappear. We are far past the point of treating - you\u8217\'92ve done damage to a myth - so you can\u8217\'92t be  allowed to live to talk about it. So, to do that,  you have to part with me. So you can kill me, or leave me behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Ayram is like, I AM THE DESERT. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what options are open to me. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Captured<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - get captured by death cult}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Sob, unlucky, gets chosen for first feast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Elrahet summons a great storm using Ayrams blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - bolt comes down from the sky - cannibals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mazyd is like, WTF. How was that possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - ends on ringwraiths revealing themselves.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Escape<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Flee into underworld, ringwraiths chase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Bullo & pyetle get cornered}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab BUllo gets killed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Gets saved by Iram}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Lead into demon room}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There crushed under a rock is a god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Ayram cuts his head off, then cuts his arms off, then waits for the god to rise}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arms grow back, free from the rock. Tries to lift the rock up, actually budges, but no go. Then he begins to pound the rock with his fists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Underworld<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pyetle finds door - and little girl body.}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}