{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Beginning and end are okay.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Middle needs some glue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri,\u8221\'94 said Vigram, \u8220\'93I want to introduce you to someone.\u8221\'94 Stands aside and looks at his daughter.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lora?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No. You see, for the purposes of a test, I have deceived you. I apologize for that, but it was necessary. You see, I don\u8217\'92t actually have a daughter named Lora. I never did.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What purpose you were holding onto, before all this? You painted pictures. Why? You weren\u8217\'92t after fame or respect, I know that much. You never cared if anyone knew your name because you never signed your work. You\u8217\'92d sign the back of the frame. I think you wanted to make something }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 more}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , something greater, but you never could, and so you gave it all up. Am I right?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t think you were going to do it. ,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. His was stern, but his eyes were smiling. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I made my decision,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can see that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ow!\u8221\'94 Mandri moaned as Vigram kicked his shin again. \u8220\'93Vigram, you don\u8217\'92t know me well enough to intervene here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Without asking if Mandri minded, Vigram unshouldered a folded stool and sat it down on it. This disturbed Gil, who raised his heavy head. The ox saw the Vigram, then Lora, then gave a snort, then promptly went back to sleep. }}