{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When humanity was young and most were living in dens like lizards, the people who called themselves the Solgruin were building civilization. They built the first canals and the first sustenance fields, and they measured these fields six by one against the banks of the Solket river, all plotted out in the first cadastral texts. They domesticated the first plow oxen, grew the first harvests, relished in the first age of plenty, and this was all followed by the first catastrophic drought, and then the first stretch of worn-out land, and then came the first law of fallow. This was all a long, long time before rest of Old Jandri toddled to its feet, and it was a time that history would have forgot if not for the fires that burned Solgruin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s city down, for among the buildings burned that day was a warehouse that held thousands of scribal tablets whose clay was set to be repurposed for practical use. The fire baked those tablets into bricks for once and for all, and so an accidental library survived the crumbling ruin. One of the stories that survived  was the story of the creation of the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One day, Solgruin petitioners went to the temple of Solraheen, for He dwelt among them then, and outside the veil of His bedchamber, they sang their complaint to Him in structured verse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was proper etiquette to address the Creator with song, even if all you were doing was complaining about how the Goree mountains were too difficult to hike. The Solgruin were set on the western side of the Goree, and eastern Jandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t far away by land, yet because of the Goree\u8217\'92s impenetrable physique the only way to get there was by boat, a five day journey around the southern horn. The ferrymen charged extortionate prices. It was too great a burden. The petitioner\u8217\'92s song ended by requesting, humbly, for Solraheen to part the mountains and join the two halves of the Jandri world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Solraheen asked why they would want to go to eastern Jandri, and the Solgruin were too ashamed to answer, for it was gold that they sought. Solraheen had seen through their pretensions and denied their request.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few hundred years later, the Solgruin forgot that Solraheen refused their forebears, and they went to Him a second time to ask, humbly, if He might part the mountains. This generation was more honest in their request, as they made clear their desires\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they wanted to walk their caravans into eastern Jandri, that they might trade with the budding cities of Jeket, Shagota, and Zos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Again, Solraheen denied them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Time passed, the Solket river dwindled,and the Solgruin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crops failed, and worse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Solraheen dwelt there for only one month out of every year. Again, a new generation rose up and went before Him and asked if He might part the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This third time, Solraheen answered with action. He walked to the mountains, climbed the tallest peak, and there he stomped on the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back and broke it. A great fissure opened up in the earth, making the way traversable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yet the Solgruin did not rejoice, for when Solraheen showed them what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done, He said to them, \u8220\'93Look upon this scar which mars My creation and lament your selfish ways. This mountain impeded your comings and goings, and so you sought to destroy it. Now, it is destroyed and so is its beauty. Cursed are you who pass through it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This story is taught in every Solitant church because the story\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  lesson is not obvious, and the process of discovering that lesson is meant to be a stepping stone to prepare inquiring minds for the more unintuitive theologies, where common sense and logic will only arrive at the incorrect conclusions. On the surface it seems the story is straightforward\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it warns against self-centeredness. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how a child understands the story\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s a warning to never put your own desires above Solraheen\u8217\'92s, else you might become cursed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But that understanding was wrong.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Selfishness is good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This might tangle up the quest to abolish the self, but again, logic and reason are deceitful things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A venerable old priest tried to explain it to young Mandri once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are making a category error,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Our Spark\u8217\'92s desires }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desires. We are His tools, and a tool is an expression of purpose. So long as they are not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  desires, but your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Spark\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  desires, you are free to be as selfish as you wish.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have asked how the old man distinguished between the two, and why the old man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark felt compelled to visit a whore house every evening, but he was too young then to see through the masks of the elderly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is rock vomit,\u8221\'94 said Seb. He was walking alongside Mandri and Obo. His gums squelched on a borcandi spine. \u8220\'93Solraheen punched the gut of the mountain, and the mountain spat these big rocks out. Can ya believe it? Like pissin\u8217\'92 stones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a peculiar talent for imagery,\u8221\'94 said Obo as he bounced along in his litter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If that tower had a truer name than \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Western Tower\u8217\'92, Mandri did not catch it among the nervous whispers of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All the same, the Hrks didn\u8217\'92t do it. The Goree pass is not yet in sight of the Hrkan Lords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl snapped at that remark and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is in sight of the Lords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe so,\u8221\'94 Obo sighed. \u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t suppose that any of you have an appreciation for how much grain it takes to sustain a fortification of that size? This surrounding area isn\u8217\'92t exactly fertile land, is it? If any of you were students of history, you might know that anytime there\u8217\'92s a drought in the river plain to the south, this tower is the first to feel it. I suspect that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s happened here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Greskalun began to starve and simply moved on to greener pastures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stirred from where she leaned against a boulder. The journey had truly worn her down. Her words came from her throat against their words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gresh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hghhmmm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Greskal would not abandon the pass,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As may be,\u8221\'94 Obo said, \u8220\'93But hunger makes people act out of character.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskal\u8217\'92s line has a sacred duty. They would not leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked at Elrahet with a challenging glare. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think a person }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  willing to do when hunger sets in?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram, still squatting and staring intently at the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s visage, said, \u8220\'93Greskal and his kin aren\u8217\'92t soft-bellied Hrks. They know hunger. They know suffering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you should have no issue accepting that \u8216\'91soft-bellied Hrks\u8217\'92 would never come for a place like this. If there was an extensive system of support, perhaps\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pointed to a purplish discoloration nearer the joint. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See this splotch here? This bone is not old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what?\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93A recent killing. It doesn\u8217\'92t explain why a thousand somethin\u8217\'92 Greskalun are missing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had to stop himself from saying that there were, indeed, many other kinds. People could be demons, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not an uncommon figure of speech. People could have done this. Or, people infested with demons, that\u8217\'92s not unheard of either. A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 demon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  demon, a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  demon, yes he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen one, but a crowd of them rollicking around on the surface and snatching up innocent Sparks, that was the kind of thing that belonged to bygone ages and bedtime stories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked for holes in the courtyard floor where winged demonic terrors might have come bursting up through brick, but there were none. There was no cackling laughter in the distance, no claw-marks, no hoof-prints. He wanted to point all of this out and demand that Elrahet recant her claim, but what kind of person would he be then, to correct a witch on the matter of demons? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only Seb shared his questioning posture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t no demons,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94 said Moteah, voice threaded with hostility. \u8220\'93If }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think that demons did this, then that\u8217\'92s proof enough that they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri willed himself to look closer. The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wounds were quite peculiar. The rubbed raw skin on the outside of his thigh, for example, was no mere abrasion. Lighter pink rings of fresh skin circumscribed a freshly festering, leaking scab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fresh skin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Freshly grown\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Well, the flesh might still be alive, but Mandri had seen a chicken running without a head before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a step closer, and as he did, the pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haircloth habit shuddered, his head jerked back and his tongue reached out of his open mouth, trying to find the slightest sip of a breath through his chained throat and shattered ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI! STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri froze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The command had come from Elrahet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knobby finger was pointing at a thin line of blood sprinkled on the ground. It was fresh blood, blood that should have seeped into the brick and stained it, or otherwise been lapped up by the sun, and yet there it was, ravishing red, and it ran in a circle around the pilgrim\u8217\'92s pole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The toe of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoe was almost touching it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He jumped back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone was staring at him like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d put that pilgrim up on that pole himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would that have been bad?\u8221\'94 he asked, pointing at the bloody circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, \u8220\'93It would not have been a great loss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that she turned and began to hobble back into the tunnel. When no one made an immediate move to follow, she stopped and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re leaving.\u8221\'94}}