{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had scouted for Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cave the night before. It was a thin crack in the base of the massive slope of claystone which constituted the greater part of the mountain\u8217\'92s peak. It was a bit of a climb to get to it. How Elrahet managed it, Seb had no idea. Something to do with witchy lightness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just outside the cave crack, Seb heard Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faint mumblings echoing out. She knew she needed to be careful here. And quiet. She mustered up all her sneakstuff and stepped lightly into the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Deep in the cave\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, old Elrahet was squatting over the corpse of a sizable crackback lizard. Both witch and beast were both illuminated by a soft shaft of white light, courtesy of a hole in the ceiling. The lizard was belly up. Elrahet\u8217\'92s fingers were already knuckle deep in its guts. Her scrawny arm twisted and twirled while her lips whispered incantations. Her upturned eyes searched the sliver of midday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slipped on a loose rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark eyes turned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stumbled backwards in fright, bumping her head on a rock, and she howled in pain. Elrahet grimaced at this interruption, then went back to work;  her kneading hand violating the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse. And now she lowered her voice to a whisper. Seb strained to hear the garbled words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Em bestet buguul,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She looked down at the twisted mass of innards and oily blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Em bestet shemuul.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pushed down hard with her palm to squeeze the last meal from the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shefre gor, amkukre dor.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her knotted fingers choked the intestines. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shefre gor, zom gagor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  She ripped the entrails out of their webbed lining, and raised them up into the air, then threw them back down into the body cavity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb waited with bated breath for a sight of the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark, or some effervescent swirl of glowing smoke, or anything, but nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet snarled an arcane curse and tore the gash in the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly wider. Into this gaping hole she stuck her leathery arm up to the elbow. The lizard\u8217\'92s belly bulged and squirmed as she pushed the beast\u8217\'92s innards around in pursuit of something in its groin. Once or twice the creature\u8217\'92s limbs twitched, and its tail curled. A gummy tongue popped out of its shovel mouth. Its yellow eyes flashed, and right when Seb supposed that the thing had come back to life, Elrahet pulled her arm free, bloodsoaked, then sat back with a defeated sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It may be,\u8221\'94 the witch said in a whisper loud enough for Seb to hear, \u8220\'93that the beast has a rotten thigh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb ventured nearer and knelt across from the witch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb poked the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse with a curious finger. Inside that gaping bellyhole, blue-gray intestines writhed like a knot of bloated worms. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92re ya\u8217\'92 gonna do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Allwhite is not interested in this one,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93Only fertile blood may tease the infinite down from heaven.\u8221\'94 Her ancient, unblinking eyes wandered over Seb\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m too old,\u8221\'94 Seb said carefully. This did nothing to deter Elrahet from hissing like a snake who\u8217\'92d caught the scent of a mealmouse. The witch reached out with her bony, claw of a hand. \u8220\'93Your hand,\u8221\'94 she demanded, and before Seb could protest, Elrahet\u8217\'92s bloody fingers snatched her wrist, smiling at the sight of the pulsing veins feeding into Seb\u8217\'92s palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much?\u8221\'94 Seb asked, frightened. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mess of lines cracking Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow deepened into a more familiar sneer. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only a cloud. We need only to crack open the door.\u8221\'94 With her free hand she pulled a yard of linen and a clay bowl from out of the shadows and laid them between herself and Seb. She then unsheathed a black talon of a knife from some hidden pocket in her robe and placed its curved handle into Seb\u8217\'92s palm. \u8220\'93You must do the cutting,\u8221\'94 she said, and she then held her own wrinkled, vein-riddled arm out for Seb to cut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  blood?!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Seb asked, aghast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not worry,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said in worrying tones. \u8220\'93I see all ends. Whatever happens here is of my choosing. Now cut. Cut the vein there, I will heal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was not so much the act of cutting which put Seb off, but the nature of the knife now sitting in her hand. It was impossibly sharp. Never had a blade been so eager to part flesh from bone, eager for more than that, knapped as it was from a shard of Fabled Black. In the hands of a witch it could split a spine without sawing. In the hands of Elrahet, it could make a meal out of meaning itself. In Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands, it was an abomination. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But she must not show hesitation. This kind of thing was why she was here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She tightened her grip on the knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I value your trust,\u8221\'94 she said, and she pricked the dagger\u8217\'92s tip into Elrahet\u8217\'92s flesh, then pulled with expert care to open a vein. Elrahet stayed strong through the sting, but watched with grave concern as blood streamed out of the wound and ran around her wrist, over Seb\u8217\'92s knuckles, to flow steadily down into the bowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes that loss of blood was nothing compared with having to wield such an unholy stone. Its use might taint her being. The blade was buzzing, it seemed, with insatiable hunger. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said as she jerked her arm free. She held the wound up and pinched it closed with her thumb, content with a bowl half-full. She then mumbled dark words into the bowl, and once done, directed Seb to pour the blood into the lizard\u8217\'92s open belly while she wrapped her cut with the scrap of linen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With the fresh blood added, Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good hand reached back into those bowels, and began again to stir. \u8220\'93Know that I could have your stomach for a bag,\u8221\'94 she said before shooing Seb out with a tsk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stepped back out into the open air and cursed herself for letting Elrahet involve her in such a profane ceremony. It was never good to be the bloodletter in an act of bloodmagic. Bleed someone in anger, that was fine. Bleed a Hrk in an ambush, that was justice. But bloodmagic, lifemagic, these things were evil for ordinary pokes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She wandered back down the smuggler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s route, towards the Junkug hills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She wondered how many Vessel Sparks she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d need to snuff before this fresh stain on her account was washed clean.}}