{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and with Obo included, still strapped in his litter and leaning against Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg, they ranged from legless to the largest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb and Moto worked hard to draw him deeper into the argument over what to do. It seemed Ayram believed, according to his ornery glare, that nothing but a white light descending from a cloud could change his mind. He had no intention of actually listening to what anyone had to say. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even listen to himself. He\u8217\'92d betray his own words if they were held against him. First he claimed that their only worry were the sand whips stirring in the belly of the storm, next he argued that it didn\u8217\'92t matter if they got caught up in the Ugmukeen because the Hrkan pursuit was just as deadly. There were other, subtler contradictions, but no one pointed any of them out because there was a clear and consistent message here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram was going to do what Ayram wanted to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wondered why a man so big even bothered. When the arguing turned to bickering the cause became clear: like any great leader, Ayram had an instinctual hatred for the fact that other people wanted to do different things than he did. And he possessed the flexible inflexibility of a great politician\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his words might bend back on themselves but his will was solid granite. He was as willfull as a Hrkan Lord. Only, less refined. A brute. The Lords and their Men of the Quorum would make laws and felt justified because the gods were dead. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s justification was that he was biggest, and that would have been true if the gods were still alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ended the argument about what to do about the storm by stamping his spear into a skull-sized rock and splitting it open. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re staying put,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things would have been much simpler if he had led with that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  When it came time to justify his authority, he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t retreat into philosophy, make arguments about how any how no honest investigation of the truth ever ends, not when infinities are involved, and so at some point someone\u8217\'92s must carry the day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri That kind of flexible inflexibility would have made him a great politician if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be born to Hrk. The only real difference between Ayram and the average Lord was the sheer size of him. The lords were forced to justify their intransigence by appealing to invincible ignorance; No honest investigation of the truth ever ends, not when infinities are involved, not when every cause-effect pair is but one link in a chain going back to the beginning of time. In the end, all anyone is doing is picking and choosing which facts to isolate as real and self-contained. And in this atmosphere of make-believe, there remains the absurdity of justification. What was Ayram\u8217\'92s? He was bigger than you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ended the argument about what to do about the storm by stamping his spear into a rock and splitting it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re staying put,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was a man who leaned motionless on his certainty, unmoved by the storm of facts swirling around him. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not that he was deaf and blind to reality. He simply chose to ignore it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had seen in the politicians crawling all over Jeket. In another life, Ayram could have been a great Hrkan Lord, because he was a man who did not need to investigate the truth, because he was a man who knew that such a thing is not possible. We are all invincibly ignorant, and such is the There was no need to investigate, because there is always something to investigate, and he knew that at the end there is a simple choice: which set of facts feel better? The factual foundation of his own sense of self was found a long, long time ago. Which is truer, more useful - that there , or that he was bigger than everyone else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked so strange, swaddled up like he was, the size of an overgrown baby but with the face of an ageless eunuch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tools need to be sharpened,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t Mind the Mazid because you can\u8217\'92t Mind yourself. The fighting life cures a man of that dullness. And when you\u8217\'92re sharp, strong, you\u8217\'92ll get a taste of what it\u8217\'92s like to move a man against his will. It is the greatest feeling in all the world. From there, moving a Mazid should be no different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And before you embarrass yourself by denying it, think of how you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t judge all artists from one child\u8217\'92s scribblings. If you were to see the best warriors in action, you would agree with me.\u8221\'94}}