{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Die? No, I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t die. It was a feint from my organs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Has no equal. Surpassed by many, but no true equal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - The only way out of slavery is to become a solitant monk, but even then, they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93White Light!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - interpreting everything in term of who is humiliating who.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - A meaty face that seemed to pop out of his skull}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Wake up sluggard.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to tell how much fuckwittery is inside someone\u8217\'92s head just by looking at them. Tob was an exception to that rule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - for you, anger is an emotion, for me, it is an outburst of logic}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Being a Jedi is essentially selfish pursuit, because if we cannot master ourselves, we cannot help others. To do that, we cannot give parts of ourselves to other people. Even to our mothers. You cannot master yourself if someone else has a piece of you. In most sapient biologies, family has an imprinting that must be avoided. Varies in age, but if we cannot get to a child before he is too old, before he has given a part of himself to his mother, his father, then we are too late}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 As his mind crept towards this jeweled stasis, its even keel was disturbed by a brief, yearning protestation to stay alert, so that he might revel in the experience of dying for as long as possible, so that his last transcendent moment might be one worthy of eternity - if that was how it worked. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 Remember}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 OVER SHOULDER}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 ACTIONS FROM CHAR\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s PERSPECTIVE.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 MAZID - MAZIDAI}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 Pell and Salavan know about the Mazid - we want them to free him.}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 MAINTAIN AYRAMUN COUNT}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 - how many in ambush - 43}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 -post ambush - 17}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 -post minting rock - 7 inclueding mandri}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Look for Istil - Seb Junei hills ch 5}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 TIME}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Hours \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4  hand}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Seconds \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4  breath, heartbeat, countable}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Minutes \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4  finger}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 NO HELL!!}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 MAP/DIRECTIONS}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Sand\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s Eight? Portions}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 1. Empty}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 2. Upwhite - snow}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 3. Bushy}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 4. Pitted}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 5. Tib}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 6. watered}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 7. Solgi}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 8. Foggy}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 MAITENANCE:}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Mazyd -}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Mazydfire}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Shis}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Schisol}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s white tunic - to the knees from Salavan}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s bandage}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Yes\u8221\'94? - Moto}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Sure\u8221\'94? - Mandri}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93What is best\u8221\'94? - Seb}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe?\u8221\'94 - Seb?? Mandri??}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93That is going to depend upon\u8221\'94? - OBO}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Or should I say?\u8221\'94/ \u8220\'93Or rather\u8221\'94 - OBO}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \tab - Salavan \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4  Ch 4.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Look\u8221\'94 - Mandri}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93You See\u8221\'94 - Slavan - ch 4}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t count\u8221\'94 ch1 mandri, Ch 5 Seb}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 HRKAN WORLD - is this like saying WORLD world}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 Paintings of the pitted portion the same every time - same with storm. Charnel road}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 Seb expectations up the ass ch 5}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 Mandri gets finger paint. Ch 4}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 Elrahet sniffs finger- fabled black. Ch 6}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 Junsi wind in the junei}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 junei plain rocky chaliche}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 lines of immanence - Ambush ch 7}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 Tob\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s bright leather pouch.}
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 COMMONS:}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Tob\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s a big guy, bushy head.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 GUILD? Shis v1 - \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93The Lords and their guild\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 \tab SHIS- Mandri expects tornado of fire}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Stryt - ambush}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Scribal Robes - rich blue - Ambush}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Seb is sensitive about his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Pell\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s green eyes}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Privileged vista - ch3. Salavan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s house}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Wild with excitement -  ch 2. Pell}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Pell\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s/Elrahet\u8217\'92s knife. Golden - curved - thin - long}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Rule of thumb??}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Pyramid of Power??}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Shiska/Shiskason}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Foodstuffs - prickled lizard pluck}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 BURGEON- first juiced - then dried - Three-carpal fruits - panacle of tiny flowers}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s Fur lined scabbard}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Golden third - a crutch for artists}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Cords of Muscle}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s staff.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 How many Mazyds? - Eight - one for each portion.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs20\b0\i0 Brooked no argument}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PELL IS IMPERIOUS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They want Obo to cut through the fabled black to free Solraheen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TOO MANY DOGS.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb you soilbucket!}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A question that plagued Mandri for most of his short adult life was why, if people generally agreed that world was horrible, why those who adjusted to it the best are held in highest esteem. These assholes were so highly regarded that people actually wanted to be }{\f5\fs24\b0\i1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  them, or be liked by them. People would even fake being well-adjusted. Most people who seem well-adjusted are faking it. Moto wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Again, Mandri could tell by sight.}}