{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A Solitant priest hears the word \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and thinks of the pure white glow of Solraheen\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a white so bright it bursts out of itself and splits softly into rays of red, green, and blue. Hrkan folk hear the word and think of the plain and stainless robes of Hrkan Lordship. An Outland poke hears \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and thinks of sparkling salt pans and sun-bleached bone. As it is with white, so it is with words, they mean different things to different people. It is some wonder then, that Solraheen would choose to use a word to create the world. He was there in the void, spoke one word, the world emerged, and people haven\u8217\'92t stopped arguing about the meaning of it all ever since.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Disconnected kitchen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Red brick patio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 White plaster blocks.}
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TOo much triple rhythm - bop, bop, bop.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s legs sweat.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Has nothing to do with what an artist makes, because they dont make anything. They just move things around.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He twirled his beard between his fat fingers, then asked, }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tapped his bottom lip as Vigram stepped aside to let him fully into the work.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This whole ordeal was a waste of time. If he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need that money so damned bad, he\u8217\'92d have quit after the first session.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His little reverie was interrupted when Lora jumped from the stool}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If he digs dirt in a way that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s true to the Spark within himself, what is that? }}