{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Beksinski - [B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u603\'3Fk\u712\'27\u597\'3Fi\u626\'3Fski] - (Bek-shen-ski)}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I.I}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {December 12, 2102}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Mission Commander Oya Bereket\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came in through The Experiment\u8217\'92s intercom, calling  Moto Owusu to attention. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto, let\u8217\'92s -uh- complete this.\u8221\'94  The peculiarities of Oya\u8217\'92s accent were hard for Moto to nail down. She was the only native Turk he\u8217\'92d ever met, and to his unlearned ear she sounded Russian. Oya had forgiven him when he\u8217\'92d drawn the comparison. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m ready.\u8221\'94 Moto replied, stowing his pad and pen. It was finally time.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And Alberto?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Omnipresent,\u8221\'94 came Alberto\u8217\'92s voice, the kind of voice that was always smiling.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93O.K. Let\u8217\'92s get this over with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {For the next three hours, system statuses and observations were read out, a final redundancy meant to focus the crew. Moto knew it was an unnecessary procedure because he knew that he, Oya, and Alberto had each dreamed of this moment a thousand times over, and they had each run through the simulations a thousand times more. Still, he kept a little motivating fear around in  his thoughts to keep him sharp, because while the mission of The Experiment was worth dying for, absent-minded mistakes were not. Even after this final systems check wrapped up, and the three settled into The Experiment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s central command module, Moto kept on considering the many manners in which he might die during the next half-hour. Oya was the last to float in.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone tucked in?\u8221\'94, she asked.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was waiting for you,\u8221\'94 Alberto said gruffly, scratching his unkempt beard in a  serious attempt to appear nonchalant. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s, uh, just not the same if I do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alberto, this ship has just three hundred cubic meters of space and I\u8217\'92m sure I\u8217\'92ve not even touched you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I did it wasn\u8217\'92t on purpose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, then -\u8221\'94 Alberto smiled. \u8220\'93Is this not a day of firsts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain { \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It certainly is,\u8221\'94 Oya said as she promptly planted her foot on Alberto\u8217\'92s head, and used it as a stepping stone to float her up to her console on the ceiling. That was her least favorite quirk of The Experiment\u8217\'92s design, that the easiest way to get to her seat involved bothering Alberto. Everything else she loved, most of all she loved that this command capsule was capped by a large, glass hemisphere. In functional terms it was completely unnecessary -  they would never have need to pilot the ship by sight - but it offered a grand view the Earth from 375 km up. At the moment the planet was shifting just out of frame, but she could still make out the Atlantic Ocean with its magnificent phytoplankton blooms, thousands of miles long, glowing prussian-blue in whirling ocean gyres. }
\par\plain { Moto did not care much for the Earth. His eyes sought out Alpha Pyxidis, the brightest star of a faint constellation. It was their destination. He finally found it when The Experiment halted it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reorientation, not because he could see it, but because he knew it *must* be straight ahead in the most absolute sense. Their navigational calculations *must* be right, otherwise, if the ship\u8217\'92s tunneling was off by just a tenth of a degree, they might impact the core of some hidden planetoid, or it might tumble into the event horizon of a rogue black hole - just a few possibilities in the infinite class of cosmic deaths.}
\par\plain { Alberto rarely cared to look outside, but he appreciated the way in which this window gave The Experiment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hodgepodge structure a sense of direction. It was the only  human element amongst the jumble of chalk-white spheres and cylinders. In all he thought it was an ugly, utilitarian design so typical of space-built craft. He especially hated the way the two enormous  space warping rings orbited The Expirment\u8217\'92s nucleus of capsules - it made the whole thing look like a tumorous atom, an icon of warped and degenerate science - lacking in the elegance that signified a deep and complete understanding of the physics.  }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, we\u8217\'92ve prepared as best we can,\u8221\'94 Alberto said. He looked up at Oya with an anxious grin, expecting to be chastised for not being more serious, but Oya didn\u8217\'92t do or say anything.  \u8220\'93Oya,\u8221\'94 he continued, \u8220\'93 it\u8217\'92s not like what we do in the next ten minutes is going to affect anything. We\u8217\'92ve been working for years, and-\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {Alberto paused when he caught the reflection of Oya\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes rolling back in annoyance.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh, Oya? Maybe at this point we should say, \u8216\'91No worries\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No worries for you Alberto, means more worries for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ohhhh, Magn\u237\'EDfico.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fingertips to lips. Kiss. Explode.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Oya asked, finally looking down at him through a little space in between her chair and console.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try it. Like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain { Alberto closed his eyes and knitted his brows together, and blew a chef\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kiss out towards Oya. In case this wasn\u8217\'92t enough, his bearded jaw swung sigh-smiling in faked orgasmic pleasure. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is wrong with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just enjoy your way of saying simple things simply.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s amazing that this needs to be said,\u8221\'94 Moto interjected, \u8220\'93but we are here to solve problems, not create them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, that was good too!\u8221\'94 Alberto exclaimed as he pretended to take Moto\u8217\'92s admonishment to heart, muttering aloud, \u8220\'93Solve problems, not create them. Very good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s try this again. Strap in.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {Two green lights lit up on the panel in front Alberto, and he was forced to focus. He signaled Moto to check off a few redundant switches, in preparation for takeoff.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are we ready?\u8221\'94 Oya asked. She waited for both Moto and Alberto to respond in the affirmative, then touched her headset to reach Lunar Command, and asked them how it all looked.}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are still clear to proceed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be waiting for your return in twenty-two hours. Good luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whenever you\u8217\'92re ready, Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just another dry run,\u8221\'94 Moto said silently, pausing to appreciate the little details - like the rough, noisy texture of the red plastic switch under his thumb, the slight tinge of freon in the air, and the low-background hum of the electric discombobulator. His eyes focused on the digital readout of the onboard atomic clock, synced with Earth\u8217\'92s, and he was able to pinpoint the exact moment, down to 1/100th of a second, that he flipped the switch and became the first human to warp space-time around human cargo: 6:21:244 hours, GMT, on December 12, 2154.}
\par\plain {The arms that connected the Experiment's nucleus to its outer rings detached, and then the two rings began to spin, one forward on pitch , the other sidewise on yaw. Each time they passed over the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forward vector they seemed to strike - like flint against steel - spewing out a blue spark of plasma. In the absence of sound, Moto\u8217\'92s brain invented an electric \u8216\'91zap\u8217\'92 to accompany the bright collision of particles out in front, and a low frequency \u8216\'91whump-thump\u8217\'92 to the heavy rings as they revolved around the rest of the structure. }
\par\plain {The first rotational period took a full 14 seconds, according to Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand count. }
\par\plain {The second period, 7 seconds. }
\par\plain {Space began to fold around them, and the whole structure moved forward, imperceptibly at first, but soon enough the stars at the sides began to stretch, and the plasma out in front sputtered into a steady flame. Beyond this point Moto was not able to construct a coherent sequence of events.}
\par\plain {To outside observers, the Experiment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s movement looked strange - the ship\u8217\'92s translation over time adhered to a curve which only appeared in abstract mathematics. It was an unnatural function, with no elegant smoothing in and out, no sense of natural timing that one normally associates with Newtonian physics. It was like the ship was being summoned  into the depths of the cosmos by some capricious deity who liked to play with his food before he ate it.}
\par\plain {Inside the crew could sense movement, somehow, yet there was no inertial velocity, no fixed reference points to judge progress, as almost immediately stars faded into the dark. Oya, Moto, and Alberto just floated there in their harnesses, measuring out light years per second.}
\par\plain {As the Experiment folded the fabric of the universe around itself in greater and greater bolts, the bright plasma spread out into a bubble around the ship. As it stretched, its hot blue color shifted through to purple, then settled into a deep, suffocating red. As this light flooded into the command module it bounced around the interior with an intensity that seemed to ignite the controlled atmosphere of the cabin, the red light seemingly taking on substance, adhering to surfaces. Edges seemed to merge into each other, and soon Moto could not distinguish between interior and exterior. He tried to hold focus by reading out the distance measurements from his console, committing them to memory - but the apparent melting of the display just magnified the sensation of his mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disassembly. Dark, shifting patterns raced over the contours of the cabin\u8217\'92s interior, a mesmerizing effect, and Moto entered into a familiar psychedelic trance in which static and moving things merged into a third state, the ___ in which the artificial construction of reality that occurs within the brain begins to atrophy. Moto just sat there like a newborn, wide-eyed, a sense-organ with no thought..}
\par\plain {Eventually it all began to dim, and the plasma began to dissipate, taking with it the deep crimson light that had consumed the crew. Moto began to sense the rigidity of the outer rings again, and this in turn resolved that familiar \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91whump-thump\u8217\'92 of their passing overhead, and to this Moto was able to reorient his sensibilities. The ship was quickly scaling back down the hyperbolic curve from which it had come.}
\par\plain {It took another moment still for it to come to a complete stop, and for Moto to begin to coax his rational mind back out of its shell. He could see that Alberto was still lost in rapture, while Oya had already regained her faculties and was busy doing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 something. Moto\u8217\'92s eyes turned back out to the spatial void, stumbling over a dark planet which nearly filled the frame. It shocked him to see it, because it was very large, and very close, and it had somehow escaped his notice despite him staring at it just before. It was even silhouetted by a distant sun, which burned white, young, and beautifully.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not our star.\u8221\'94 said Oya.}
\par\plain {She was magnificently unaffected by the experience. None of what had just happened was supposed to happen, or at least, predicted to happen. Only Alberto, who was just now rising out of his reverie, seemed to share Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bewilderment as he stared up and out to the top left-corner of the glass  dome, just off the edge of the port-side capsule. Moto followed his gaze, and there, not one hundred meters away, hanging in the blackness, was an enormous metal cylinder. As it moved into the light that reflected off the ship, he could make out letters clearly emblazoned on its side, and they read: BEKSINSKI - Mk. IV.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s one of Bekinski\u8217\'92s probes.\u8221\'94 Moto extended his arm to point to it, but Oya seemed unconcerned.}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alberto, put us into orbit,\u8221\'94 she commanded. \u8220\'93And Moto, figure out where the hell we are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab It took effort just for Moto to mumble, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay,\u8221\'94 though it didn\u8217\'92t take any effort at all to carry out the task, for The Experiment was already providing him with enough contextual information to cross reference their current position with supposed locations of Beksinski\u8217\'92s original space-bending probes. The famous engineer had sent out thousands of them to test his original version of the fabled warp drive. Galaxy type, matter distribution, and even a few identifiable neighbor galaxies provided clues as to where they were. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, we are in NGC 4452.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the Virgo cluster.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something is wrong with the SSU, so I can\u8217\'92t verify it. But, that\u8217\'92s probably it. I mean fuck, the universe is big.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab It was slightly off from the frequency he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard just before they\u8217\'92d taken off, yet, it wasn\u8217\'92t enough to distract him from the realization of the alien planet below. There the sun\u8217\'92s glancing rays lit up a thin blue horizon, curved and hazy, suggesting an atmosphere not unlike the Earth\u8217\'92s. Flecks of white clouds dotted that illuminated rim, the vanguard of a stormy weather system that might cover half a continent, though in the shadow of the planet, no land could be seen.  }
\par\plain {\tab We should name it Anatolia, Moto thought. A bone for the commander. }
\par\plain {Moto looked up at Oya, about to make the suggestion, when he saw that her head was curiously tilted to the side, listening with intent, her eyes searching the walls, wearing an expression of panic. }
\par\plain {Then it came, a worrisome rumble that echoed through the cabin, barely audible.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hear that?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Oya said calmly. \u8220\'93But it can\u8217\'92t be too serious, or else the alarm would have-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Just then, the low, two-tone drone of the warning system kicked in. }
\par\plain {BWEEEEE-OOOOO}
\par\plain {The status lights that trimmed the glass bubble began to flash as well, and for the second time the cabin was bathed in a pulsing red light.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hell is that!?\u8221\'94, Alberto shouted as he fumbled with his buckle.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something with the K-pod,\u8221\'94 Oya said as she hurriedly unbuckled herself and pushed off towards the upper hatch, towards the outer observation tube, a cocoon of triple-paned fused silica which wrapped around the command capsule\u8217\'92s midsection. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going up to check it out.\u8221\'94 She quietly gestured towards Moto with a beckoning nod, a silent command for him to follow suit.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m coming too,\u8221\'94 Moto declared.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!? Wait!\u8221\'94 Alberto shouted, his voice cracking in fear.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shut up\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Oya muttered aloud.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No it\u8217\'92s - I don\u8217\'92t think you should - \u8221\'94 but his protestation was cut short as Oya opened the hatch. Out came an unholy metal groan that shook the thin aluminium walls of the capsule, pasting grim and terrifying thoughts into Moto\u8217\'92s head. Fear shot like lightning through his spine, quickening him to act, and so he pulled himself up into the observation tube and around the bend to match Oya, who still seemed magically unaffected by the whole experience. She floated there silently, stoically, looking out towards the rear of The Experiment\u8217\'92s nucleus. What Moto saw over her shoulder shattered his final resolve.}
\par\plain {Two of the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spherical modules there had somehow flattened out and twisted in on themselves, with their aluminium skins stretching right through each other, unbroken, warped like putty into what should have been an impossible topology. Two more spheres, closer to the core, had crumpled like tinfoil, and closer still, two airlocks appeared to be bloated, ready to explode. Only those modules near the front of the nucleus appeared to be unaffected. It was as if the ship was a tube of toothpaste, and a massive extra-dimensional roller had begun to press out the ship, starting with those two modules in the rear, and working the bubbles of compressed air up towards the bow. The whole process was still in progress.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 Moto managed to mutter.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time to talk about it,\u8221\'94 Oya said. \u8220\'93 So, here\u8217\'92s what we\u8217\'92re going to do -\u8221\'94, but before she could finish, the metal creaks turned into loud metal pops as nuts and bolts that held the bloated airlocks together began to fracture under the stress. }
\par\plain {Alberto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strained voice came in through the intercom: \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re ripping apart!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you can!\u8221\'94, Oya shrieked back before turning to Moto to say, \u8220\'93Something\u8217\'92s not right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Moto actually laughed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Oya continued. \u8220\'93If we missed Pyxidis then we missed Pyxidis , but the fact that we're here, same fucking place as one of Beksinski\u8217\'92s probes, and a fucking planet with liquid water and a breathable atmosphere...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Moto wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t paying attention. He was looking out at the storage capsule, and attached to it, the last available escape pod - one that could survive through atmosphere reentry. He looked back at Oya, and noticed that she had seen it too.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alberto?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The Experiment lurched as one of its forward  ion engines suddenly fired, effectively braking their movement, and the whole ship began to decelerate and  to fall into the planet. Moto and Oya hurried back down to the command module, heading for the airlock in floor that lead to the escape pod. As they passed through, Moto noticed something missing and stopped himself suddenly, causing Oya to crash into him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto, what the hell!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alberto\u8217\'92s gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Indeed he was. Moto looked back at Oya, and their eyes locked in shared realization: Alberto had left to take the escape pod for himself.}
\par\plain {Oya pushed past Moto and sped through the airlock, further into ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s imploding core, but instead of a missing pod, they stumbled upon Alberto\u8217\'92s portly, bleeding corpse floating serenely in the middle of it\u8217\'92s bloated airlock.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell happened to him!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The answer came from a rivet in the wall. Unable to resist the forces tearing at it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aluminum sheathing, it shot out like a bullet to stab Oya shank-side first in the stomach, with its head neatly plugging the wound. }
\par\plain {Oya recoiled with a gasp, and quickly raised her hand to stop Moto, before pointing down at the hatch on the floor.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93NO! No. Open the fucking pod!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab Moto moved to twist the rescue pod\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hatch open. After a moment of struggle, he grabbed a silver hammer that was strapped to the wall, and with two swift strokes, was able to open the lid. A blast of stale air escaped the pod as the hatch swung open.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get in\u8221\'94, she said to Moto.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Through the porthole behind Moto, Oya could see the thin atmosphere feeding a sputtering flame, licking at the window. The Experiment had begun to crumble through the planet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mesosphere. }
\par\plain {There was no time to argue. She ripped Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip from the wall and pushed him into the pod. Moto bounded off the cushioned interior and back up to Oya, clearly attempting to guide her into the pod with him. }
\par\plain {Just then a loud shock signaled collision with the stratosphere, and Oya was flung against the back of the airlock. began to struggle against the inertial forces in her attempt to close the hatch. The now violent shaking caused her to bite through her tongue, bubbling blood out of her mouth and down the flared tendons of her neck. Outside a terrible fire roared and the ship began to groan madly as the tensile strength of its skeleton neared its limits. She was desperate now. The hatch was designed to be operated in zero-g and was so thick and heavy, - the added G\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s of reentry made the task herculean. Oya repositioned her body so that her back rested against the open hatch and her feet met the nearby wall. She could use more leg and glute strength from this position. She had to trust Moto. At once she began to push with all her strength. Slowly, the hatch moved. Through the blood and pain she focused on her breathing.}
\par\plain {Quick, powerful sips of air.}
\par\plain {Nasal exhale every other.}
\par\plain {One.}
\par\plain {One.}
\par\plain {Out. }
\par\plain {The ceiling began to shake and splinter.}
\par\plain {One.}
\par\plain {One.}
\par\plain {\tab Out. }
\par\plain {The hatch crossed the forty-five.}
\par\plain {\tab One.}
\par\plain {\tab Out. }
\par\plain {Where is Moto?!}
\par\plain {\tab One.}
\par\plain {\tab Out.}
\par\plain {Just as a ceiling of the airlock burst open, Moto threaded the hammer through the inside handle and used the leverage to swing his legs around so that he could lift up with them from the inside. With a final pull, Moto closed the hatch and fell into his capsule.}
\par\plain {He frantically pulled at the little red lever that was supposed to eject the pod, but it did not budge. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Piece of SHIT!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Through a small window slit he could see other ancillary structures rip off, violently and piecemeal as they slammed through the searing heat and pressure. Soon a loud blast accompanied the explosion of nucleus core, and this ejected Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pod from what was left of the ship.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {-}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain { For a few moments, Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pod descended alongside the burning wreck, putting him near enough to witness the awesome power of The Experiment\u8217\'92s final, frenzied moments.}
\par\plain {There he saw how the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s command capsule had been hollowed out by the wind and flames, and how it\u8217\'92s metal plating emitted a great white light, gradienting to a soft red near the midsection, and how behind it all a thick, rich, black plume trailed for hundreds of meters as some synthetic material began to burn. Whatever exterior elements still clung to the hurtling wreck soon began to peel backwards, roots melting, before breaking off to join the rest of the debris and fertilize the planet\u8217\'92s atmosphere.}
\par\plain {Moto watched in horror as the compressive strength of the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s central skeleton failed.The whole thing crumpled, then exploded in a deafening blast. He knew his pod was near enough to be hit by its concussive shock. When it came, it threw his pod into an end-over-end tumble, and through the frenzy he was able to catch glimpses of a monstrous, white, ice crystal plume, the head of a massive anvil thunderstorm, rushing up to devour him.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {_____}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Insert Image of Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s capsule.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {_______}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab It isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hard to differentiate between sleep and other states of unconsciousness, like the blackout, like the kind produced when Moto\u8217\'92s head impacted his escape pod\u8217\'92s thick aluminium plating while traveling at near terminal speeds. Sleep can be considered to be a lived experience, inasmuch as one\u8217\'92s dreams are remembered. At the very least, while sleeping, the passage of time is always tracked, or estimated, via a vigilant network of neurons distributed throughout the brain's inner core. Even when roused from the deepest slumber, there is a subtle yet sublime sensation of being reinserted into the natural flow of time - not so with a knockout blow.}
\par\plain {Not long ago, it seemed to Moto, The Experiment had imploded, sending his capsule into that nauseating spin, frustrating his attempts to secure himself into the jump seat that folded out from the escape capsule\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall. He recalled that the capsule was never able to stabilize itself like it was supposed to, because essential things like flight profile and distribution of weight don\u8217\'92t matter when you\u8217\'92re swept up in the cyclonic flow of a supercell storm the size of several mountains.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s an edge-case scenario\u8221\'94, Moto remembered an engineer saying in response to some of his \u8216\'91what-ifs\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain { \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if one of these detached pods were to descend into a hurricane?\u8221\'94, he had asked.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t control for every edge-case scenario. Built-by-the-lowest-bidder and all that. But really, if you\u8217\'92re ever in a situation that calls for the use of this pod\u8230\'85 let\u8217\'92s just say it\u8217\'92s just there to meet some senator\u8217\'92s earmark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {When the pod finally did pop out of the bottom of the icy storm cell and found cleaner air, it was able to quickly right itself.  Moto remembered seeing rain out the window, and a flattening horizon. He remembered fumbling with the harness of his jumpseat.}
\par\plain {Now, suddenly, here he was - curiously splayed out over the capsule\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cramped quarters, with his face squished against what he suspected to be the floor. He couldn\u8217\'92t be sure of that, because he couldn\u8217\'92t see anything except for jittery, white, electric specks that he knew to be hallucinations incited by the mechanical stimulation of his optic nerve, which meant that flotsam had been knocked loose in his eye\u8217\'92s vitreous sac, and that meant that his head had suffered a vicious blow. This was how Moto concluded he had been knocked out, because he hadn\u8217\'92t yet registered the dull, aching pain emanating from his forehead where some sharp corner had cracked open his skull.}
\par\plain {\tab In the darkness he brought his hand up to his face, and dabbed his fingers gingerly across his brow. There he tested the tender nerves, hoping for a superficial injury, and they stumbled upon a smattering of blood must have had plenty of time to cake.}
\par\plain {I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been lying here for hours, Moto thought. Maybe days. He had no real way of knowing.}
\par\plain {His fingertips continued to follow the pain up to its source, to the crest of his forehead just under the hairline, where he found that he could pull up a large flap of skin and hair to reveal a cracked bit of skull and even a little hole. As his fingers traced the outline of the cavity, the pain increased, radiating out whenever his fingers dipped down into the gooey wound, sending tendrils of tangy pain round to the back of his head to constrict his skull like a python. }
\par\plain {That action seemed to awaken a soup of screaming nerves in his left shoulder. The pain there was more complete, much sharper, worthy of any oubliette.}
\par\plain {Moto curled up against the chilling darkness, and struggled to maintain a single, clean, conscious thought as the pain threatened to dice the function of his mind piecewise into an incoherent jumble of emotion. Moto knew that  such a fragmented mind is susceptible to sliding down the funnel of despair which sits underneath everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat of consciousness. Here he was, crippled, in more pain than he had ever felt, and marooned on an alien planet in a far away galaxy with no hope of rescue. Perhaps if he had known that this was just the beginning, he might not have been able to clamber back up from this mental precipice by convincing himself that he was actually lucky.}
\par\plain {I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m alive, he reasoned, and Oya is dead.}
\par\plain {He did not spare a thought for Alberto.}
\par\plain {Eventually, he was able to orient himself within the pod, and managed to pull himself into the jumpseat with his good arm. Sinking into the cushion, he tried to invent some goal he could set his mind towards, but unfortunately, this just lead to the realization that the capsule wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t floating comfortably on the ocean\u8217\'92s surface, like it was supposed to. Instead, the absence of light, and warmth, and sound, and movement meant only one thing: his pod was resting comfortably on the bottom of the ocean floor. That darkness outside was not a cloudy night, but likely hundreds of meters of water; enough pressure to pop his lungs if he dared to open the hatch - if he even could.}
\par\plain {Moto sank further into the chair, further into a nihilistic stupor, and he sat like that so long that the sharp spikes of pain in his shoulder began to give way to the slower-moving dull aches that come after, that serve as an unconscious reminder not to move. }
\par\plain {This is, Moto thought, quite literally, rock bottom.}
\par\plain {It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the heroic, principled, Moto that emerged from this malaise. Absent the light of hope, the virtuous aspects of his character began to wilt, along the parts of himself that dealt with things like courage, fate, and suicide. In that chilling darkness, it didn\u8217\'92t take long for these affectations of humanity to simply lay down and die, so that the rest of him, the shrewd, practical mammal, could get on to surviving - and if that was impossible, to at least make himself more comfortable.}
\par\plain {He began to grope around blindly with his good right hand for something to wrap around his head, when a tiny green light on the paneling in front of him began to flash. Its light was soft and it beeped irregularly, no doubt signaling some electrical short, but in the relative darkness the thing was blinding. Being the only lightsource, it left much of the cramped pod in a web of splayed, prism shadows, but it illuminated enough surface area to give Moto a disturbing vision of his private hell.}
\par\plain {The first thing he noticed was that the was air cold enough to condense the vapor of his breath into ice. The fact that he had not already sensed this was worrying. Soon his eyes settled on a black fluid that puddled on the floor, and was streaked against the walls, and was even splattered all over his suit. He reached down to touch it, but stopped when he noticed that his hand, too, was drenched in the stuff. Confused, he raised his hand up to the flashing light, turned it over and back, and studied the black fluid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wet, specular reflection as it rolled over the contours of his knuckles. }
\par\plain {Blood.}
\par\plain {Red blood absorbing all of the green light so as to appear black, like crude oil. It was everywhere in the strobing darkness, half frozen to whatever surface it had been spattered onto. Moto licked the stuff off the tip of his finger, to make sure, and immediately the familiar iron tang of blood hit his palate. He sighed, then looked round in disbelief at the amount of it plastering the pod\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s walls. It seemed impossible that he could still be alive. }
\par\plain {At least now he had a light to ease his search for something to cover the wound.}
\par\plain {A glint of something sharp caught his eye. It was a piece of the jumpseat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s harness, an artifact of the broken metal buckle that had shattered when the pod smashed into the water. He picked it up and found that it had enough of an edge to serve as a makeshift blade. In fact it was quite sharp, a near perfect razor, ideally suited for slicing through flesh. His plan was to fashion some kind of to cut a strip of his suit to wrap around his head,  and so he began to saw at his left shoulder where the pain was still greatest, hoping to expose it to the numbing cold.}
\par\plain {Thankfully, it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for him to make a cylindrical cut all the way around his armpit, but rolling the sleeve down his arm was another matter. The bones that were supposed compose his shoulder had been so thinly splintered that the familiar curves and form of a human arm had vanished. His muscles just stretched like taffy all the way down to his elbow. To make matters worse, a round, bony, and sensitive protrusion nearly poked through the skin about where his tricep should be.}
\par\plain { When he finally did get the springy mass of suit far enough down his arm, was able to unfurl the sleeve and lay it out against the jumpseat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s armrest. He then made another cut with the intention of creating an elastic band to sit on his head.}
\par\plain {It worked wonderfully. }
\par\plain {A good part of his headache was immediately relieved when the makeshift cap slapped into place. The thing was tight enough to apply an even pressure, so that the crack in his skull did not give and rub against nerves. It almost completely stifled the pain signals that emanated there. It even pressured the great arteries that lined the back of his skull, squelching the blood flow, giving his head an odd sensation of floating, as if it would stand up without his neck doing any work. In this respect, he achieved a certain state of peaceableness, though there was still the matter of his arm. }
\par\plain { He decided to construct a sling. The idea was to get his arm moving in sync with his clavicle, so that the fragments of bone and muscle wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grind against nerve with every breath. Fabricating something sturdy enough to do the job was a little more work than he was willing to do, so just cut a slit into his suit near his belly button, into which he pushed his forearm, all the way up to the elbow so that it rested snugly against his stomach. When he tested this contrivance out by sitting up, he found that a lot of the pain did not follow - so long as he didn\u8217\'92t breathe - though breathing was still difficult. Breathing meant the expansion of his lungs to let in air, forcing his chest to move independently of his shoulder, grinding the nerves at the seam. All he could do was close his eyes, grit his teeth, sip the air, and wait for the chill to numb the pain. So that was what he did.}
\par\plain {He used his mind to help the cold along, by imagining it as a curling, glacial mist, seeping into his body through fault lines in the skin, and settling like frost on the membranes of the raw nerves underneath, inhibiting their electrical impulses, their screams for attention. It wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for the nerves near the skin to freeze over, paving the way for a blue-black chill to creep down into the meat, sucking the needling heat out of his shoulder before continuing on to work its way towards the bone. From there it was frostbite, and it would begin to assault his core where the body heat settles, though that defense would not last long.}
\par\plain {It helped that his head, too, was exposed to the chill. His stream of consciousness began to freeze over, and so time itself seemed to congeal. Through his eyelids, every strobing green flash imprinted itself onto his retina, but his viscous state of mind had difficulty separating them, and so his narrative self started to weave intermittent points in time together as if they were actually sequential events. As more and more sensory stimulation slipped past unrecorded, these glimpses of light grew further and further apart. His unconscious mind began to struggle to manufacture coherence, and it started to invent sensations where there were none: a tickling of his fingers and feet, a deep and droning incorporeal hum that grew louder as the green flashed. The effect moved Moto into a trancelike state, though through it all, his existential self, his I-me-mine, did not completely disappear. In fact, there was enough of him left to sense his own impending doom, the stretching of time, the thinness of his life. Starting with the ever-slowing cosmic tick of the universe, he could extrapolate out, and understood that it would eventually stop ticking completely. At that point, time would freeze completely into a kind of reflective prism, crystallizing around whatever his last twinkling thought might be, and that would be death. }
\par\plain {As his mind crept towards this jeweled stasis, its even keel was disturbed by a brief, yearning protestation to stay alert, so that he might revel in the experience of dying for as long as possible, so that his last transcendent moment might be one worthy of eternity - if indeed that was how it worked. }
\par\plain {But he did not die. He just sat there in the blinking darkness for another hour more - an empty husk, not aware enough to understand that he was still alive. }
\par\plain {Then there was  a rumbling, a fumbling. Then a sudden, disruptive shift in his equilibrium. Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyelids slid open quickly enough to catch a glimpse of a bright beam of white light as it raked across the interior of the pod, looking just like an errant ray of god\u8217\'92s divine light .}
\par\plain {So, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s true.}
\par\plain {The light disappeared almost as soon as it came, and as it left, Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aches and pains returned, and then he understood that he was not yet dead. It was almost depressing, but next came the realization that there was something outside. Something with a light source. Even more, gravity was now pulling in a different direction: the back of his jumpseat was now \u8216\'91down\u8217\'92, the opposite wall was \u8216\'91up\u8217\'92, and the floor was \u8216\'91forwards\u8217\'92. There was a sense of motion.}
\par\plain {Something is taking me somewhere.}
\par\plain {He rolled over onto his side and pulled himself up towards the thin window. The blackness outside was as deep as space, and he felt a familiar feeling as he peered out into the abyss, like he was looking out of one of The Experiment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s windows, only instead of stars there was a galaxy of particulate matter, illuminated by some out of sight white light, and scrolling past the window like a tilt-shifted Milky Way. Some of the bits glinted so brightly, it seemed as they were little shards of glass, or microscopic diamonds.}
\par\plain {It then occurred to Moto, in a realization as violent and unwelcome as being birthed, that the little bits might be silt and sand, that the pod might just be floating there in some deep, arctic basin, and that the rushing water outside might be part of some global conveyor belt, not unlike the engine that drives the earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s climate. }
\par\plain {He strained to get a better look, half expecting to be able pick apart the composition of the silt, half expecting to get a glimpse of some noodly or mechanical appendage to get a sense whatever was carrying him, if indeed he was being carried. His efforts to accomplish either were frustrated by a fog that had begun to build up on the glass.}
\par\plain {Moto reached down to wipe the condensation away, but it did not come off. At first he thought that there might be two glass panes, and that humid air had somehow snuk in-between them. After inspecting the cloudy film more closely, he could see that it was actually a pale buildup of gunk on the outside of the glass, and the stuff quickly began to accumulate into little phlegm-like globs at the edges where the glass joined its metal frame. Soon a faint cloud of the stuff began to spread across the whole of the pane, and then it became so opaque that Moto could no longer see clearly out of it. Instead of fine specks of particulate matter, there  was a twinkling blur, appearing against the diffusely lit glass like a stream of light and smoke. It was as if he had taken another cosmic step out, so that instead of a miniature galaxy scrolling past, there shone an arm of the universe, a cloudy ribbon of galaxies.}
\par\plain {Moto tried to work out exactly what the gunk sticking to the glass might be, and all his figuring missed the mark. Ehile there were indeed bits of rock and carbonate mixed in with the floating detritus, what glued the rest of the particulate matter to the glass was electricity, the Van der Waals force, the fundamental attraction of opposite charges, the organizing engine of organic molecules, and therefore, of life itself. The sticky substance that now obscured his vision was a conglomerate of living cells, and Moto didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t begin to suspect it until a multitude of tiny black dots began to appear in the cloudy film. }
\par\plain {It was obvious that these black dots weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t things themselves, they were just spots of clean glass, clearly rendering the deep blackness of the ocean outside.  As he looked closer, he could see that these empty spaces were growing, slowly and radially outward. }
\par\plain {The expansion of each pinprick of blackness was easy to see, so heavily contrasted against the soft white glow. Moto lowered his head even closer to the glass to study a single spot that grew more quickly than the others. It grew and grew until it reached the diameter of his pinky\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip, at which point it\u8217\'92s growth slowed, then stopped. Then its edges began to wobble, crack, before morphing into a fringe of branching ringlets which, after a sudden shiver, exploded outwards in a quick fractal burst - appearing out of the ether like a footprint of a snowflake set against the cloudy film. Then another nearby spot followed suit, its edges exploding outwards with nearly the same procedural, branching symmetry, its tendrils seeking out and swallowing the gunk that had defined the previous star\u8217\'92s shape. Then another phlegm-free spot burst outwards, and another, and another, when finally a multitude of the little geometric eruptions seemed to pop all at once, sweeping over the glass, clearing it up in the amount of time it took for Moto to gasp incredulously at the astonishing sight.}
\par\plain {Beautiful\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {Moto considered it.}
\par\plain {Most likely likely a chemical reaction, he thought, but there was an undeniable liveliness to it.  A sense of ordered complexity. Maybe something small was eating something even smaller. Maybe it was alien life.}
\par\plain {He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to stew long before he got an answer to his question, because almost as soon as the glass was cleared up, his pod was plunged into a horde of thin, white, gelatinous tubes, looking something like transparent tapeworms, all swept up in the rushing current, and twitching back and forth like headless snakes.}
\par\plain {Hundreds of them washed up against the glass, only breifly so that Moto couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t study their furious wriggling body. One of them did get stuck, and Moto could see that it was a most primitive organism, just a colony of cells latticed together to form a tube, with some plasmodic fluid encased within, sloshing around with each nervous tick. Maybe the fluid inside was a way of sharing nutrients, of sharing proteins, amino acids, or vitamins, between the cells. Whatever the case, this basic design typified the type of all the other, smaller organisms that Moto began to notice; all clear vesicles holding a fluid. Little pyramids, diamonds, horseshoes, asymmetrical blobs, spiniferus spheres, and everything in between; a menagerie of morphological variety, unrivaled by even earth\u8217\'92s prokaryotic kingdom.}
\par\plain {\tab Almost as quickly as it came, the herd of jelly-like creatures began to thin, revealing, like a curtain drawn, a light-show that had begun to sparkle in the darkness beneath. Here and there, dim, red-orange lights flashed, flickered, then faded, looking like the bioluminescent effulgence secreted from the glands of squid or minnows, only much, much larger. For a brief moment, Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind conjured up images of the jurassic age, of evolutionary experiments: creatures with mounds of teeth, whale-sized, larger even, but as his mind\u8217\'92s unhinged imagination churned, it became clear that the lights weren\u8217\'92t biological, but geological. Far below an infant underwater mountainside was growing. The bright spurts of red were just outflows of volcanic mush, their tendrils quickly curdling into igneous rock. }
\par\plain {\tab It all looked familiar. Earth-like.}
\par\plain {Maybe, Moto thought, Earth-like just means life-like. }
\par\plain {The volcanic slope continued to rise, softly, then steeply, then suddenly it plummeted back down into the abyss, perhaps a continental cleft in the ocean rock. Then the mountainside rushed back up, and his pod, still carried along by some unknown force, flew into an empty magmatic chute carved out of the escarpment. }
\par\plain {All at once, the world outside became clear as the white lights of his escort craft lit up the rocky tube. Against the dark rock, white crystal chimneys funneled hydrothermal gases out into the water, their heat distorting Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view of the glistening calcium leaves that formed in the wake. Streaks of glittering gold flashed in the walls, spiralling through the tube wherever sulfide had reacted with methane to form pyrite. Here, too, a galaxy of white, gelatinous forms thrived, taking advantage of the unique chemistry. Spindly gelatinous bags clung to the walls, filter feeding, and things that looked like familiar snow white fronds of coral, meters wide, lilting in the chute\u8217\'92s speedy current. }
\par\plain {It soon became clear that the tube was part of some larger underground network, designed by intelligence, not happenstance. Eventually his escort took one of its many forks, one that shot vertically upwards, and the change in direction sent Moto into an all too familiar tumble. Thankfully, he was able to catch himself with his feet, and stood, able to look out the ring of glass near the pod\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hatch to observe changing ecology. The walls of this shaft were dominated by sprawling cobweb communities, draping over sharp black rock like lace doilies. The complexities of their patterns reflected the changing pressure and content of the water column, becoming more dense, more intricate as the pod was pulled further up. Though the milky webs looked so delicate, they were sturdy enough to withstand his escort\u8217\'92s draft. }
\par\plain {After a few minutes of this, all trace of the webs had completely disappeared, and the seawater began to transform into a thicker, greener, organic solution. Visibility dropped to just a few inches, or none at all wherever the glass had, once again, become clogged with little living things. Eventually it dawned on Moto that he must be heading towards the surface. Then came the realization that he was, truly, still alive.}
\par\plain {When his pod broke the surface, the green goo sloughed off the window, and he could see that he was in a small cave that was being illuminated by a ring of fluorescent tubes attached to the ceiling, just a few meters above. The craft that had carried him along was floating next to him. It was bright orange, and structurally no different than the deep water submersibles back on earth; just a metal box frame sheathed in a hydrodynamic foil, with two jet propulsion systems jutting out at the sides. Suspended inside it all was a glass ball. Sitting inside of that was pale, scrawny, human being. Behind the green blur, that was all he could make out, but it was unmistakably human , with short hair on a large head, arms, torso, legs, even breasts. It was a naked woman. She exited her submersible, and clambered barefoot onto the top of Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pod. }
\par\plain {He heard a fumbling at the hatch, and then the pitter-patter of the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet as she shuffled around, trying to get a better grip. At first she was only able to loosen the seal enough to let in an acrid smell, close to rotten eggs, as if the pod had been drenched in sulfuric acid, though that wasn\u8217\'92t enough to prepare Moto for the off putting sight of the woman when she opened the hatch. }
\par\plain {Though technically applicable, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91young woman\u8217\'92 was hardly the right term to describe her. She was young in age only. Woman in sex only. Her genetic code had drifted so far from youthful vigor and feminine form, that she looked like a different creature altogether. Her head drooped low and forwards with the most serious case of scholar\u8217\'92s neck that Moto had ever seen. Some curious spinal deformity; it was what caused her movements to seem unnatural. Her collarbones seemed to be pointed the wrong way, so that her shoulders rose up level with her chin, and yet her arms still seemed too long, like she could touch her knees from a resting position, though Moto suspected she wouldn't be able to hold on for long, because there was hardly any muscle on the bone. It was a miracle she had managed to open the hatch. Moto might have taken her for an alien if it weren\u8217\'92t for the fact that she}
\par\plain {spoke clear and precise english.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What took you so long!\u8221\'94 she shrieked. Her voice grated as if her throat had been shredded by decades of cigarette smoke.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I, uh\u8230\'85.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, no shit.\u8221\'94 She was eying the blood caked to the walls of the pod. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92ll be time for stories later. Out you get.\u8221\'94 The spidery woman then jumped off the pod and onto the wet, slimy rock next to it, clearly expecting Moto to climb up and out on his own, as if she didn\u8217\'92t  notice the look of utter exhaustion in his eyes, or expect his busted arm to hinder him,. She shot his pod an annoyed look when he didn\u8217\'92t immediately spring up after her.}
\par\plain {Not wanting to upset the creature, Moto balanced himself tip-toe on the head of the pod\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jumpseat, so that his shoulders rose above the hatch\u8217\'92s opening. With great effort he was able to press the full weight of his body high enough out of the hole so that he could twist his butt around to sit on the hatch\u8217\'92s rim. He then swung his weak, tingling legs over through and out to drape over the pod\u8217\'92s sloped, slimy side, before doubling over in pain.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell is wrong with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could you help me down?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Moto reached out to her, clearly requesting a steady hand. }
\par\plain {As the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes read through the obligation writ out by Moto\u8217\'92s beggared posture, her expression shifted slightly from irritation to confusion. She took in a quick, fluttered breath, as if preparing a question, but evidently she thought better of it. Instead, she reached up with her hand, but not to help Moto down. Only her spiny index finger was extended. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Her finger was shaking, and when it finally touched his skin, she looked back up at him, eyes now wide under knitted brows, looking every bit like a crazed, soothsaying hermit.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh SHIT!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Immediatelthen took off running around the pod, screaming obscenities, heading for the dark tunnel on the other side of the cave. She moved moved too quickly across the algae covered rock, and so her plant foot slipped when she tried to dart into the small hole. Her foot skidded through the soft green fungus like a crashing meteor, and she fell hard onto the ground, hip first, causing her head to whip against the fuzzy rock. A cringe-inducing crack echoed briefly through the small cave, and crimson blood leapt from her head to stain the algae. She did not get up.}
\par\plain {Moto clambered down after her, careful not to make the same mistake. By the time he got to her corpse, a thick and vibrant yellow fluid, looking something like a pureed banana peel, begin to stream out of her nose. It trickled out of her tear ducts too, puddling up in her eye sockets before streaming down her cheek and onto the algal mat. }
\par\plain {Moto kneeled in stunned silence as he watched the substance begin to flow, slowly, uphill. Eventually it reached the cave wall, but instead of pushing along the edge, it began to climb up, weaving through algae like a vine in search of sunlight. Moto reached out a curious finger. When it was inches away, the substance responded in kind, sending out a thin, wriggling tendril, testing the air, as if seeking out the source of the new scent. Moto recoiled, and so did the viscous stem, but instead of continuing on up the wall, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s began to move back down. It moved slowly at first, but soon picked up momentum, and nearly began to roll towards him, shooting out little gooey harpoons towards Moto\u8217\'92s bare feet. }
\par\plain {Moto quickly stepped backwards into the tunnel and off of the green carpet of algae, but he still nearly slipped, because the rocky surface inside was coated with a clear, jelly-like substance. The cold, clear goo squeezed through the spaces in between his toes. It felt like alcoholic sanitizer, but Moto feared the opposite, because it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s putrid smell was overwhelming. }
\par\plain { He looked down at his feet and began to imagine little alien lifeforms living in the gel that could penetrate his skin. He supposed he would have felt it by now: a slight tickle as the bacterium began to burrow. Whatever the stuff was, the probing yellow fluid outside wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t willing to wade into it.}
\par\plain {Moto tried to spit out the smell. It tangible, like a cloud of dust floating in the air.}
\par\plain {Everythings wrong. }
\par\plain {He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like what he saw, what he smelt, what he felt. Only his ears had been spared nausea. The only sound was an electric hum, emanating somewhere deep within the cavern behind him. That was enough to convince him to delve further into the mucous-membraned throat of this alien world.}
\par\plain {\tab His step was unsteady, and he was forced to brace himself against the low ceiling with his good shoulder. As he scraped through the tunnel, gel sloughed off the rock, and long strings of it dripped like saliva down his back. Absent sight, his mind invented the most disturbing visions of a milk-green, feculent sludge oozing out of the cracks between his fingers every time his hand planted in the ground, or against the wall, popping little snot balls that grew out of the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pores.}
\par\plain {\tab Eventually his eye caught a faint, pinkish light that sparkled like fire off of the wet rock ahead. He moved closer, and the cave walls narrowed. Further ahead, the air grew thick, condensing into a glowing, pink wall of mist that pulsed in and out of a seemingly incandescent cave, its movement synced to the gently arcing sine wave of the now sonorous hum. }
\par\plain {Moto plunged his hand into it, and his skin prickled. Then he closed his eyes and stepped into it, let the sound and mist wash over him, and he found that he could breathe cleanly. There was a dusty feeling that scratched the back of his throat, but in other respects he felt rejuvenated. The pain his shoulder subsided, and his brain no longer felt like brick suspended by wires that were bolted to the inside of his skull. Encouraged, he opened his eyes, and stepped into the softly glowing grotto.}
\par\plain {It was a relatively small cave, about fifteen meters in diameter, and its floor, walls, and ceiling were black and spongy. Planted in the pores of this structure were soft-red aqueous sacs, ovular, some large and sticking out of the ground, or hanging down from above like ripe fruit about to fall. Some were small, the size of a pebble, littering the floor like salmon eggs ready to be fertilized.}
\par\plain {Moto picked up one of the tiniest and squished it between his fingers. A large amount of red, watery juice streamed out, and all that was left in his hand was the thin, transparent skin. These weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the same snot-balls that he had squished further back. He moved to one of the large ones to inspect further.}
\par\plain {This largest sac, about half a meter long, was implanted into the wall and seemed to be illuminated from within. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin was less transparent, but there was enough of a shadow for him to see that there was something inside of it. }
\par\plain {So, he touched it. }
\par\plain {Then he poked it, and it wobbled.}
\par\plain {He gave it a gentle tap, and this time, as his fingers brushed against the skin, they wiped away the foggy layer of condensation, allowing him to see a little bit more of what was inside.}
\par\plain {An embryo. Some kind of egg.}
\par\plain {Moto knew it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly an egg; there was no shell, but it wasn\u8217\'92t quite like a womb, either. Whatever grew inside was just floating, unattached. }
\par\plain {He tried to get a better look at the little alien growing inside by brushing away more of the cloudy film, but he was careless. The sac\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin was so thin that the brush of his fingernail\u8217\'92s edge was enough to cut it open. The laceration was just a millimeter across, but the skin was so fragile that the weight of the contents inside ripped it wider, and it all spilled out onto the floor with a horrific, wet smack. }
\par\plain {There on the floor, blue and purple, already dead, probably never alive, was a perfectly human baby.}
\par\plain {It was the most intense thing he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever seen.}
\par\plain {If only I had a camera.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }