{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I would agree with what Count Iblis suggested: they are not suggesting that *time* does not exist, so much as that *now* does not exist, in the sense of a borderline between that which is past/certain/fixed versus future/undetermined/malleable. Perhaps it would be better to say that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91becoming does not exist\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think you are supposed to derive comfort from this idea in the sense that all of the good times and people you experienced in the past are just as real as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91now\u8217\'92 (which is nothing special). Even if this is true, however, the illusion is a persistent one, as someone wise once said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Also, while I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m here and since you mentioned the last one, let me note that FQXi has launched a new essay contest \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  see }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.fqxi.org/community/essay"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.fqxi.org/community/essay}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you ever run into a girl named "SideWays" stay away from her and leave. She's 28 but looks 48 and she's with another girl that called herself "Gab" I didn't catch her age but looks to be around 18 or 19. She was fairly green i could tell just by looking at her. I thought they were just homeless at first but SideWays knew what she was talking about so they do travel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was sitting at the SBD hop out in Louisville, Kentucky had been there 3 days alone waiting to catch something rideable. When they both come walking into the jungle. They introduced themselves and was super cool and friendly at first until we bought whiskey. About an hour after drinking she started running her mouth one minute then calling me cute the next. This only escalated to the point where she flashed her vagina at me and started screaming at the top of her lungs why won't you fuck this Pussy little boy. When I declined I told her to chill the fuck out before she brings attention here. She fucking punched me and I slung her to the ground and grabbed my gear and bailed out of there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you're the low-key type stay away and if that's your thing have at it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is necessary to presuppose God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s existence in order to do anything in the world, including and especially question why it is necessary to presuppose God\u8217\'92s existence in order to do anything in the wordl.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they say "Is it possible that you could be wrong about everything?" They expect you to say yes, acknowledging that you wouldn't presume to know everything. But you can answer "No. Because if I were, and I said I could be, then I would have been right about something." And then they don't even get off the ground. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the context was what made this funny. Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember it though. Was probably stats showing low sack rate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are the blitzing players lightly leaning against them? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the AFC South? Yeah pretty much }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 speak for yourself, homie. we had the 4th most sacks last year. lmao }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flirting is an escalation in plausible deniability between two individuals, often expressed by humans in body language and subtext }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A key signifier of a low trust society is a lack of empathy and ethics. Right now, we are transitioning into a low trust society, in part because of social media showing us depravity that attracts eyes, and partially because we see that some people really are above the law and can evade anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But even in a low trust society, you still need to win elections. When Democrats base so much of their electoral arguments on asking voters to find virtuosity to vote for the side with morals, that will fall on deaf ears in a culture that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t value those requests. So it is necessary for Democrats to be able to provide a coherent vision as well as advocate for examples of their good governance without invoking ethics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In large cats, the problem comes from mechanics. A strong bite requires more forward projection of the zygomatics to produce leverage and give passage room for muscle mass, but that also means the fascicles have to get longer and longer towards the front if you want to also have a wide gape- long enough that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d get in the way of proper closure and maybe even compromise bite mechanics. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a difference between rationalization and reasoning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reasoning - you take some apriori principles and figure out what follows from them, follow the argument.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rationalization - you konw the conclusion you want to get to, and find an argument that lead you there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heads of states: it would be terribly escalatory and immoral to target heads of state for assassination. Let's shovel thousands of 18 year olds to kill each other in the mud and us leaders can have diplomatic feasts in palaces and mansions like civilised people. Some people (fools) actually buy this. It's called skin in the game chumps. Heads of state should be the number one target for every conflict.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Fascinating story of euros stealing sarcophagus and then losing it in the sea\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94It\u8217\'92s safer with us!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although she\~was rated as\~seaworthy enough and Wichelo had been her master for\~several years, she was not a specialised stone-carrier like the ancient Roman\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lithegoi,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~nor is there any evidence that she had been used for a similar purpose before. Inexpert lading of the sarcophagus could have greatly affected her sailing characteristics. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s possible to imagine how, being blown suddenly towards shore on a southwesterly coastal route from Livorno towards Gibraltar, Wichelo could have ordered her crew to to change course south with the wind to larboard, a manoeuvre that might normally have saved the day but with the ship heeling over could have caused the sarcophagus to shift, making recovery impossible. Instead of being driven against the shore, she could have swamped in deep water close to the coast \endash  off Cartagena the rocky shoreline drops off quickly to abyssal depth \endash  leaving only flotsam to wash ashore, and thwarting all attempts in modern times to discover her in depths accessible to compressed-air divers.  }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The horse reared slightly, its body a tense arc of muscle and bone. It wanted to run, and for a moment, he wanted to let it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wanted to let the animal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s panic swallow him, carry him out of this courtyard, this light, this heat. But he forced his knees into its sides, a motion as automatic as his breathing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn you,\u8221\'94 he muttered under his breath, though it wasn\u8217\'92t clear if the words were for the horse, for the figures, or for himself.  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  what the fuck was this from??? I think it was AI masquerading as Don Delillo}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 may be subjecting their prose to the vicissitudes of a 'text-spinner,' }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Italics do not do justice to the wolfish insistence with which Wylie uttered the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93please.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/DuvalCounty/comments/1djhvzp/curt_been_out_for_a_month_and_already_back_locked"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.reddit.com/r/DuvalCounty/comments/1djhvzp/curt_been_out_for_a_month_and_already_back_locked}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When fentanyl came in, people weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t getting that dopey, opiate, noddy feeling. You don\u8217\'92t get that. So they added the tranq in, which gives you that dopey feeling.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Webster\u8217\'92s Dictionary defines \u8216\'91Psych\u8217\'92 as\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayn rand institute on taking socials security:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It goes on to pretty much say, "Only people who oppose it are morally justified in taking it. People who support it, support plundering their neighbors and should be excluded." Bonkers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t one of the bench players simply run onto the field }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not allowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But who cares? Just go on and score!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not in the rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I would go in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For people not into cooking, a roux is a 1:1 by mass mixture of flour and fat that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cooked (to reduce the flour-y flavor) and used as a thickener. You do have to be careful about how you integrate it with liquids, just dumping everything together will cause it to not incorporate and you\u8217\'92ll end up with lumpy or gritty texture. It's a VERY VERY VERY common cooking tool, in both French and other cuisines. Three of the five "mother sauces" (sauces from which all other sauces in french cuisine are traditionally derived) use roux as a key ingredient. Dismissing everybody that uses roux is like... I dunno, being a visual artist and claiming that everybody who uses paint is an idiot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The original post\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s OP\u8217\'92s Mac and cheese sauce has \u8220\'93broken\u8221\'94 meaning that the oils and solids have separated (because it was too hot and the casein in the cheese broke down), giving it a clumpy texture. AFAIK you can\u8217\'92t truly fix this once the sauce is broken, but you could disguise it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other poster is advocating for a more complicated niche chemical emulsifier, sodium citrate. This actually isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an insane idea, sodium citrate is what\u8217\'92s used to keep American-style processed cheeses smooth and is stable over a wide range of temperatures. Butttt it\u8217\'92s not a terribly helpful suggestion here as most people don\u8217\'92t keep it in their pantry and the poster is kinda being an ass about it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bukele will learn what the Venezuelan and Cuban public already knows: your diktats are insignificant next to the power of the mark xet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Supply shortages don't magically disappear just because you impose price controls.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Disparity can also just mean that food is abundant, because it takes a lot of food to fuel the adolescent male growth spurt. If food is a limiting factor at that age, adult men and women will be similar heights as adults.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The article doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t discuss the abundance explanation but counters it anyway by emphasizing that the height dimorphism among northerners happened together with nutritional stress during development.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t discuss whether male and female skeletons displayed equal rates of nutritional stress.\line }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t discuss the ages at which nutritional stress was experienced (toddlerhood vs adolescence).\line }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t discuss the possibility of seasonal nutritional stress due to food shortages in the spring, but recovery with abundant food the rest of the year.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I do the hard narcotics for escape. I do the psychadelics for learning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THat buffaloed him. He thought it was a stupied mistake.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did not assemble the bomb, but shortened the fuse.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thiel is the end-state of most casual libertarians, who use the label because they like to shop around for ideological justification for their preconceived biases. They tend to settle on some flavor of the Rothbardian ancap spectrum because it's developed enough they don't have to do any real thinking, and they like its distribution of political power according to the current static wealth hierarchy. Of course, these people rarely have to confront where their biases interfere with actual libertarian principles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thiel has achieved what can only be described as the final form, what-I-feel-validates-my-biases-ism, by discarding any associative label and embracing full ideological inconsistency in order to never admit that he's been meaningfully wrong.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In general, the premise that there are any sciences which are truly "pure" and which may be inherently trusted is kind of the bad beginning of a lot of the anti-econ claptrap online. I work in another scientific field, and if you go deep into the academic lit, you will find human errors, hubris, earnest oversights, and all the stupid squishy human factors that are inevitable when humans are doing your science for you. This will be true for all fields, but I think some folks like to imagine that "science" is some sort of purified, always-correct thing which defies those limits, and for some reason, econ in particular sticks in those folks' craws. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A nonexhaustive representative sampling of the topics covered includes: central bank operations, how long human civilization has existed, the currency denomination of trade in the early modern period, the causes of the fall of Rome, Bretton Woods, the fiscal profligacy of LBJ\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Great Society programs, the creation of the eurodollar, the internal mental states of 70\u8217\'92s Keynesian economists, the origins of the petrodollar, the operation of foreign exchange markets, the Volcker shock, Newtonian mechanics and gravity wells, derivatives and the rise of modern hedge funds, the causes of the Bolshevik revolution, the origins and motivations of the Federal Reserve, and TARP. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 YOINK but replace crazy with dumb sumerian stuff}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rembrandt was using japanese paper for printmaking before the japanese were. ukioyoe}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUpLl7BZ_JY"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUpLl7BZ_JY}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the "minor post-Ricardian" line on Marx rings most true to my ear. Marx had a (or, probably, several across his life, given the difficulties reconciling his work) concept of\~a\~what we might now call a general equilibrium model that was rooted in a value theory. He made some attempt to explain tendencies in prices, and to attempt to explain the (at the time assumed to be inherently real) tendency of the rate of profit to fall. Obviously, we've stopped attempting to solve the diamonds-and-water paradox by saying "one has more X involved in it, thus it is more valuable", so this was a largely defunct line of intellectual inquiry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overall, his work doesn't really influence modern econ, but people who were influenced by Marx were behind some interesting models and advancements, and modern concepts of monopsonistic labour markets definitely have some of their origins in those people. Does old Karl deserve credit for that? Well, I suppose as much as some of the old Austrian Marginalists. Which is to say "in my opinion, only to a small extent", but some might disagree.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The works of the roots of the vines, of the trees, must be destroyed to keep up the price, and this is the saddest, bitterest thing of all. Carloads of oranges dumped on the ground. The people came for miles to take the fruit, but this could not be. How would they buy oranges at twenty cents a dozen if they could drive out and pick them up?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Grapes of Wrath}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , John Steinbeck}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Creationism and the rich - ever more elaborate narratives to justify their special place in the world. Ray dalio\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural selection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalio asks his minions for honest feedback, including on his own performance. He does not often get it, of course. Paul McDowell, tasked with designing the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Principles Operating System,\u8221\'94 Copeland writes, \u8220\'93assigned an underling to go into the software and program a new rule. Dalio himself would be the new baseline for believability in virtually all important categories. As the original, topmost believable person at Bridgewater, Dalio\u8217\'92s rating was now numerically bulletproof to negative feedback. Regardless of how everyone else in the firm rated him, the system would work to keep him on top.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is one point in the book in which Dalio is publicly questioned by an employee at a Bridgewater town hall, and reverts to the wealthy guy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ultimate retort: \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re so smart, why aren\u8217\'92t you rich?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interest rates were going up and down like a whores drawers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The true tragedy of tragic choices is that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re unchosen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a surprise lying deep beneath your feet. Physicists have calculated that the centre of the Earth is two-and-a-half years younger than its surface, thanks to the effects of gravity as described by general relativity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Penn - everything in a magic show has to be, in some way, plausible. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the kind of trick that would be horrible in a live show because its the \u8216\'91too perfect\u8217\'92 concept. If a trick is so perfect that there\u8217\'92s only the one way you did it, then that\u8217\'92s the way you did it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of my early bosses taught me an important lesson after I spent a couple weeks working on an investment proposal. It was for like $10-20k. When I showed it to him, he basically said I wasted my time and the company's money. The amount of time and effort to determine the perfect decision was more expensive than just taking a guess and buying what seems good, failing, and buying something else if it didn't work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.unpopularfront.news/p/the-jockcreep-theory-of-fascism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.unpopularfront.news/p/the-jockcreep-theory-of-fascism}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fascism as its own ideal-type can be understood as a synthesis between the Jock-Douche and the Creep-Loser: a cult of sheer physical of strength and action wedded to a wounded and brooding consciousness of impotence and humiliation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the novices waited in an adjoining room, the brothers assembled in the ceremonial room of the lodge. The Master took his place at the front of the room beneath the baldachin flanked on either side by two Knights wearing white robes and helmets adorned with horns and leaning on their swords. In front of these sat the Treasurer and Secretary wearing white masonic sashes, while the Herald took up his position in the centre of the room. At the back of the room in the grove of the Grail stood the Bard in a white gown, before him the master of Ceremonies in a blue gown, while the other lodge brothers stood in a semicircle around him as far as the tables of the Treasurer and Secretary. Behind the move of the " Grail was a music room where a harmonium and piano were accompanied by a small choir of 'forest elves'.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ceremony began with soft harmonium music, while the brothers sang the Pilgrims' Chorus from Wagner's Tannhauser. The ritual commenced in candlelight with brothers making the sign of the swastika and the Master reciprocating. Then the blindfolded novices, clad in pilgrimage mantles, were ushered by the Master of Ceremonies into the room. Here the Master told them of the Order's Ario-Germanic and aristocratic Weltanschauung, before the Bard lit the sacred flame in the grove and the novices were divested of their mantles and blindfolds. At this point the Master seized Wotan's spear and held it before him, while the two Knights crossed their swords upon it. A series of calls and responses, accompanied by music from Wagner, completed the oath of the novices. Their consecration followed with cries from the 'forest elves' as the new brothers were led into the grove of the Grail around the Bard's sacred flame.?' With the ritual personifying lodge officers as archetypal figures in Germanic mythology, this ceremonial must have exercised a potent influence on the candidates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxZpEFJhO6k"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxZpEFJhO6k}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Thomas Ligotti}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(born July 9, 1953) is an American\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horror_film"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 horror}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~author, lay\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 philosopher}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and writer. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cioran dismissed abstract speculation in favor of personal reflection and passionate lyricism. "I invented nothing. I've been the one and only secretary of my own sensations," he later said }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Svengali) would either fawn or bully, and could be grossly impertinent. He had one kind of cynical humour, which was more offensive than amusing, and always laughed at the wrong thing, at the wrong time, in the wrong place, and his laughter was always derisive, and full of malice }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heidegger rejected the "biologically grounded racism" of the Nazis, replacing it with linguistic-historical heritage.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Heidegger#cite_note-FOOTNOTEWheeler2020%C2%A73.5-128"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 122]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 by living according to the principle of race [the Jews] had themselves promoted the very reasoning by which they were now being attacked and so they had no right to complain when it was being used against them by the Germans promoting their own racial purity.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jarawa were ambushed so often that, though they usually went around naked, they took to wearing bark armor to ward off arrows.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambushes of this kind are too small-scale to be considered war, but they can be nasty, and once begun they can turn into blood feuds that can last for years. While blood feuds tend to arise with clans, there are exceptions to this rule of thumb. In areas of rich resources like those of the tropical Andaman Islands, described later, even clanless foragers could}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93afford to make enemies of their neighbors,\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  as Kelly puts it. In the case of Jebel Sahaba, however, we believe that we are dealing with societies with clans. One reason is that the site was a cemetery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While many tribes had enemies for neighbors, there was one person who could travel widely without fear of death: the sacred messenger. The messenger might, for example, be carrying the red-painted forearm bone of a deceased relative,. Owing to his sacred mission, the meessenger could not be harmed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because the Aka-Bea and Jarawa spoke different dialects, it was difficult for them to hold peacemaking ceremonies. In areas where there was no such language barrier, the Islanders did negotiate truces. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Examples of overkill were frequent. A middle-aged man, Burial 21, had been hit with 19 flints; projectiles were found in the top of his pelvis, his forearm, his lower leg, his rib cage, and the base of his neck. One young woman, Burial 44, had been hit with 21 flints; three of these were probably the barbs of a spear that penetrated her face and reached the base of her skull. Nor were children spared. Two youngsters interred together, Burials 13 and 14, had flints in their neck vertebrae, each probably representing a coup de gr\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2ce.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they cared for the woman, why rape the woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 honor restoring}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Killing women and raping them restores honor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a really good documentary about Banaz Mahmod honor killing case 10 years back}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is pretty good in understanding about this honor stuff}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It stems from that women our property so we will never let our property go away it belongs to us}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Banaz Mahmod was 16 when she was married to some 40 year old man in United Kingdom}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He raped her, she started to meet the other guy, then she left that 40 year pdfile, and then she was raped by her own "cousins" one by one and then killed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 so this process let the Iraqi family restore their honor in the society and family back home in iraq}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Western Countries need to save themselves from this crap and extremism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such concept of "Honor" is still widely exists in (South)Asia, Arab, Africa}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 just few days back a father killed her daughter and her boyfriend to save the honor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 such backward ass ideology needs to be thrown out of this country and also out of this world}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I love clint but honestly deserved. (Never watched him or any of his content) }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quote\u8221\'94 - probably someone other than Jansparine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lorgnettes can typically be identified as a pair of spectacles on the end of a handle.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorgnette#cite_note-Rosenthal1996Lorgnettes-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~There are many types and forms of the lorgnette. The handles of a lorgnette may vary in length or may be incorporated in various decorative or functional ways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lorgnettes were made from a range of different materials including\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tortoiseshell"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tortoise shell}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , horn,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silver"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 silver}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 gold}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , enamel, and various kinds of jewels.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorgnette#cite_note-:4-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Many lorgnettes had handles which also served as a protective case for the lenses to fold into, therefore making it easier to carry around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fan lorgnette and the double lorgnette are examples of variations of the lorgnette.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fan lorgnette is an accessory where the lorgnette is hidden in the fan and used to inconspicuously observe others.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorgnette#cite_note-:3-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~An unusual variant of the fan lorgnette is the French/Spanish \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Flirtation Fan\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Eventail Cocarde\u8221\'94 which has a unique use of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mirror"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mirrors}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and methods of opening and closing.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorgnette#cite_note-:3-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A double lorgnette (also known as dual purpose lorgnette) consists of two pairs of spectacle\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lens"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lenses}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of different power, typically one for\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Far-sightedness"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 far-sighted vision}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and one for\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Near-sightedness"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 near-sighted vision.{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 7]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 It is hard to understand why the Constitution would require a congressional supermajority to remove a disqualification if a simple majority could nullify Section 3\u8217\'92s operation by repealing or declining to pass implementing legislation. Even petitioner\u8217\'92s lawyer acknowledged the \u8220\'93tension\u8221\'94 in Section 3 that the majority\u8217\'92s view creates. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 31. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joan Laporta is a millionaire, who should be a billionaire. You know why he's not a billionaire? Because he surrounds himself with glad-handed, nonsensical douchebag yes men like Deco }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sublation - take the negation and inculde it inthe new shape of the concept. Negating negations defines a concept.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spinoza - god part of every atom, every thought. God, nature, absoluteness, all synonyms. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 preceded many times over by parminides}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cinema sins and nostalgia critic - My brand is based entirely on me deeply misunderstanding art and then insulting my own misinterpretation, and coming to the conclusion that art is inherently pretentious and I'm just smarter than anyone else" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Richard rorty -ironism - continuous radical doubt about one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own understanding of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not so much creepy, as eerie, but being out in the blue at night in a lightning storm in a slack wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ocean was very flat - no big rolling swells - just tiny little ripples. The whole world would be black, and then there would be a flurry of bolts, and the whole world would be silver. The ocean looked like nothing so much as aluminium foil that had been scrunched up, and flattened out - the water looked like mercury, and all the little ripples made these very dramatic black shadows}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [P]arts of the tale smack of the "fish story." Mr. Beckwourth, or his narrator, has it all his own way, and we can fancy a lurking smile at the thought how glibly he puts together such a discordant mass of material brought out from the storehouse of memory, where there is no one at hand positively to contradict him.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Beckwourth#cite_note-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, C.S.Lewis\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 ingrained snobbery robbed him of any self-doubt. He claimed to have been an Atheist in his younger days but, apparently having decided that the only explanation for things he didn\u8217\'92t understand was that the god he didn\u8217\'92t believe in did it, he decided that god must be the one his parents had believed in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obviously, being English, how could there be any other god but the English one? And how could there be a rational explanation for something Clive Staples Lewis didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, his cosy radio fireside chats in which he reassured the English that they had the one true god, the one true morality and the best culture possible (and were so entitled to rule the world and tame the savages) was a nice little earner and not to be put at risk with too much uncertainty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozi}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cesar Milan - curiosity is a sign of submission}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rising breaucracy, a receding initiative, a freezing of caste, a damming of curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This sumn a nigga who cant pull no fine women would say}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In a word, in the house tending the Rule of St. Augustine reigns a secular spirit which the few lappets of the Augustinian habit fail to cover up\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I once had a friend I smoked out claim he was having a heart attack. We debated what to do for a minute until he let out the loudest fart I had ever heard in my life from 20 feet away in the bathroom and said he was\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Okay, it was just gas. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We were heard the neighbors laughing as hard as we were thru the wall.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/Prison/comments/1exrg6v/what_is_the_worst_injury_you_seen_someone_get"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.reddit.com/r/Prison/comments/1exrg6v/what_is_the_worst_injury_you_seen_someone_get}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bullet hit the hip and turned up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 learn about exploittion in history classs - man, this is a rip off of avatar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm a 36HC and was teeing off on my own this morning. First 3 holes I hit 3 double bogeys - a good start for my by all accounts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the 4th we started getting backed up so I was paired with 2 retired gentlemen - absolute fucking flag hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time we hit the 5th they both started coaching me for nearly every shot. 2 men on me at every address. A real golf bukakke party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Try as I might every shot was getting worse. I made my excuses and had to walk off after the 10th. I've never felt like less of a man. I think one of them was going to invoice me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't have kids, but if I did I'm pretty sure I would have lost custody on my return home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know they were trying to help but surely one of them could see the life leaving my soulless body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sat in the parking lot now listening to Snow Patrol.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know a couple of people who have said similar and they're the stupidest motherfuckers I know. Apologising is a signifier of strength, not weakness. It shows that you are mature and it helps so much in your interpersonal relationships to be able to hold yourself accountable and take responsibility for your actions. I have kids and they are brought up to always own up to mistakes and apologise when appropriate. It's basic shit you learn when you grow up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JBS Haldane - I enjoyed the opportunity of killing people. One of the great primitive natures of man.Blowing tobacco smoke out of the blown hole in his ear - a social accomplishment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gives advice - how are you making me worse?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pastor gets in trouble for plagarizing his sermons.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cohort of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91romans\u8217\'92 at hadrians wall from dacia (romania). Not even italian. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Debating Trump is like trying to fistfight smoke - he just "floods the zone". The best you can really do is try to look well put together and normal by contrast, and hope he self destructs. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conservation-induced_extinction"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conservation-induced_extinction}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh yeah. They're definitely there. Find a woman with a veil and 5+ kids. Have her and her husband over for dinner and, after a couple drinks, I'm sure you can get some hot takes about the decline of western civilization. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of hate, I found there was, within me, an invincible love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of tears, I found there was, within me, an invincible smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of chaos, I found there was, within me, an invincible calm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I realized, through it all, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something stronger \endash  something better, pushing right back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Truly yours,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Albert Camus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not to future peoples; the above was discoverd *after* I had already settled on a title.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that honestlyl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85I\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92m normally, Mike, I\u8217\'92m normally very kind very, very compassionate. I try to be, you know . I\u8217\'92m gonna tell you this man, and I mean this to the deepest depths of my non-existant soul, I fucking hate you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 i\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve known class consciousness is dumb for years. I used to think Rawls was practically wrong (i.e no one can really talk politics being totally ignorant of their context), but now I\u8217\'92m starting to think he\u8217\'92s empirically wrong (poor people actually don\u8217\'92t like helping poor people, even when they know they are poor, so why would they when they forget that they\u8217\'92re poor ala veil of ignorance???) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Referencing trumps tarriffs on mexico in response for americans buying so much fentanyl - Americans would rather kill people than help people to solve a problem. Helping is hard. Killing is easy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s out here hustling for crack boulders and Reddit mfers talking about they wanna break her down \u55357\'3F\u56448\'3F we gotta do better as men . how about you do better and let me make my mistakes broski }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Making fun of a trick:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 his is the thanks I get for supporting black owned businesses?!? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You paying to have her leave\u8221\'94\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Facts I was told don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give out work that if it don\u8217\'92t choke back it\u8217\'92s not going to hurt you. Just look at it you paid a nut ass nigga to stay away from you }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm from Baltimore. All 37 yrs of my life. I watched em film the wire. It was huge here. Here's some things. Just to show how GOD AWFUL THE PPL RUNNING OUR CITY R! THEIR SCUM! And how bad it is here. Saw my first murder when I was 13. Grown man shot a teen for a bike. Saw a woman get shot up at a red light for not dancing with a guy at the club. He followed her and shot her. A group of 13 yr olds broke into my neighbors house and raped her 14 yr old granddaughter, killed her and burned the house down. Google that one, eastern parkway Hamilton MD. A woman got shot in the head and killed on my street for not giving dude a cigarette. I had a guy hop in my car and put a gun to me and made me drive him around to dof places while his eyes rolled around in his head high af. At one point made me pull behind an abandoned house and put the gun to my head and I literally thought, will I feel the bullet go through my head or is it immediate nothingness. Had a guy stabbed in the hood of my car at a red light. Saw a dead body on Moravia by the grave yard McNulty meets Omar at. I saw a shooting at McDonald's around there too and driving home I saw the teen with his head hanging off the stretcher and a big ass exit wound in the back of his head while his mother sat there screaming. My friend got shot on my street while walking his 5 yr old daughter and does In front of her. My other friend got killed the same way. I did time where they had Omar (not a lot but being white there isn't easy) and my cell mate got rushed and stabbed up and I had to just keep reading and act like nothing was happening. Those r off the top of the head. Heres some shit on the gov and how they run it. Each street has more abandoned houses then not. Drugs r literally as easy to get as the show shows. They ran the port to shit, destroyed the schools, embezzled SOOOO MANY TIMES!!! The past 3 mayor's have gotten locked up, the bridge and tunnel money embezzled, they refunded the police!!!! They for instance took 2 million to put ac in the schools. Then the gov said 2 yrs later, where's the ac and couldn't find it. Then tried to pass a law that said to spend school money u need multiple layers of ppl to sign off and watch, the mayor got everyone pissed off by saying the white gov was gonna make it to where they couldn't help black kids and horde the money. They protested and rioted. So no go. Next year another million went missing. They said let us put casinos in Baltimore and the profits will help the schools. Never happened. Then the casinos needed money to save em and they said this time we promise a share of the profits will help the schools. Guess what. Never fucking did! They now r getting caught doing dirty shit with funding for the destroyed key bridge. We had a city that had marble steps at every home and now look at it. The police were so dirty in places they were robbing drug dealers and slinging that shit and then when one was gonna testify he gets shot with his own fucking weapon and no leads ever got. The one homicide detective in the show (last name Norris I believe it's been a while) was a real homicide detective and became our upper guy, he got fucked so hard for doing his job that he became a radio show host all about exposing these fucks. The gov knocked up a news anchor and then she disappears. They have voted blue for 70 years now and it's literally destroyed the city. Not saying red would save it but when one group gets to run unchecked this long they get dug in. They rig shit and destroy shit. They're pure evil. And again, THEY DEFUNDED THE POLICE HERE!!! It's sooooo much worse now then this show portrayed now! It's bad. Really bad. I went to the inner harbor for the fourth of July once, if they took a picture of the whole harbor and u looked, me and my two friends would be the 3 white ppl off to the side, they started jumping cops and stealing their guns. We got robbed 4 times that night and once at gun point. But after the first time, what can u give? Every step we took someone asks if u want crack or dope and after a while u stop answering. Wrong. Then they get mad and try and fight or rob u. Dope is so bad here that I lost at least 19 friends to it. 4 close good friends. Gone for ever. Becca, Justin, John, Keith, Jessica, Matt, another Matt, Shane, rex, ally, cuda, Nikki, rell, black, Ashley, Brandon, Alex, tommy and more. All, well most were amazing nice ppl just stuck. Doctors sold us prescriptions of perks oxys and Xanax for 200 bucks. We were 17 and 5 of us go to the pharmacy and each get perk 30s, oxy 80s and Xanax (why tf would we need oxy 80s?! That's cancer type ish) and then they just busy the doctors, close down shop and no extra rehabs or help. So yea, we turned to heroin. I been clean 14 yrs now. But still, can't even let my daughter outside. And hearing gunshots is extremely normal. Extremely. I went on a rant here I know. But I get so angry when I see these politicians, upper police officers and others getting filthy rich and leaving us with NOTHING!!! THEY DESTROYED OUR BEAUTIFUL CITY AND ALLOWED MINORITES TO BASICALLY LIVE IN A 3RD WORLD!!! My beautiful black wife and mixed daughter are all I got. And we r getting out this ish hole. Soon. Wish I didn't have to but we have to. Being a white boy here is hard. Very hard. U know what it's like when in the winter, u enjoy it cause u can cover ur skin and hide. Hood up, hands in pockets, pants, mask and no one knows. Ur not preyed on. I got jumped once for sitting on a bus stop bench. They said it was a colored bench. Another two time just for being what I am. They say things like get that racist \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u55356\'3F\u57176\'3F and stomp u. School I know I was targeted cause of it. Ok I'm done. But yea. It's fucked up here. And ppl deserve PRISON FOR WHAT THEYVE DONE HERE!!!!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And no, u can't blame crack for this shit. Things were allowed to get to this, because it's all part of the plan. Destroy minorites and who ever there with em by passive means. Can't burn crosses anymore or lynch so u encourage violence through lack of punishment, rap, movies and broken families, get ppl hooked on welfare and take it away if they do better, make the areas they live in broke and destroyed, destroy the schools, make areas so dangerous companies don't survive there taking jobs away and more. It's all part of their plane. Don't ask why. But when everywhere u rule minorities suffer and they're all ran the same exact way that causes it, I say it's not an accident or a side affect. It's on purpose. U can't go, woops, I accidentally keep destroying minorities everywhere I go. Smfh.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At some point you have to start debating! What are you waiting for? If you hold off so long that finally every single person in the world except you believes lab leak, would you still be sitting there, pristine in your imperturbability, saying from your lofty height \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I refuse to engage, because that would be providing the rest of you oxygen\u8221\'94? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My thoughts on AI books are always going to be: if you didn't want to write it why on earth would I want to read it? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 physics joke}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The above set up was conducted in the lab frame. We now couple our equipment to a layer of hexahydro-1,3,5-trinitro-1,3,5-triazine in order to rapidly impart a constant (within air-resistence) velocity to the equipment. When the layer was activated the velocity profile of the equipment was 250(80) m/s with respect to the lab frame (measured using radar doppler shift). In this reference frame the equipment recorded no events. Further more, once the equipment reached the extent of the lab, it encountered a boundary condition that returned it to the lab frame velocity profile. Curiously, the no-events-effect persisted even when returned to the lab frame. After 1 hour of observations an overall rate of 0(0) events per minute was recorded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a significant difference from the lab frame result. The result can not be explained by applying a Lorentz boost. I appreciate the need for repeat experiments to confirm this result. However, due to unforeseen circumstances I do not currently have access to the lab, so can not repeat the result at this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem is the people who could stop it are looking the other way:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ad networks earn so much money from click fraud (at least $60B per year) that they have no incentive to solve the problem.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most marketing agencies and marketers don't want their clients or boss to know there's click fraud, and the bots help them hit their KPIs, so they say nothing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Media Rating Council, who set the standards for ad fraud detection, are run by their members... the ad networks and marketing agencies. Hence why their standards are either garbage or non-existent.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Law enforcement are clueless.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many of the ad fraud detection companies use fake prevention techniques like IP address blocking.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The entire thing is a mess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I work for a company (Polygraph) who are trying to solve the problem (we can solve it on an advertiser by advertiser basis). We're also advising the EU on regulation to prevent ad fraud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You see a code because that's how you view it, that's how you structure it. DNA is no more a code than the chemical reaction occurring in your stomach is. It's chemistry, pure and simple. The only reason these parts work as well as they do is because they're zipping around at 45mph in a less than 1mm space. They just keep bouncing around until, eventually, they find the right spot. This isn't some graceful, well orchestrated thing. DNA sucks, straight up. It fails, constantly. It operates mostly by chance. It continues, somehow. Life is beautiful in that way, but code is the wrong word for it, only used to give us as human beings some kind of structure to support it in our minds.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I mean, I set myself on fire twice during undergraduate, and I knew two pHD students who had to be treated for freezer burns after a "liquid nitrogen fight", and the building I worked at had giant chunks drilled out of the floor because someone forgot to screw the lid on a container of radioactive isotopes and it soaked into the concrete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So we can be pretty dumb. But we generally design tests to account for moments of being pretty dumb.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are simply more complex by orders of magnitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you want to compare our minds to machine learning models, it's like we have thousands of models all accepting input at once, some of them redundant yet novel, some of them talking directly to each other, some experiencing cross-talk, and others unable to interact with others until they accept their output as input in physical space.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of human creativity, reason, and ability to make logical inferences with limited information come from this lossy, noisy, messy organic system that took millions of years of happenstance to evolve.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our current approach to AI cannot replicate this. Not because it would be\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 impossible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to replicate but because its simply not what anyone who is building them is trying to do. Hoping for AGI to sprout from LLMs is no different than trying to make a star by compressing air in your hands. You're technically doing the right thing, but at such a limited scope and scale that instead of nuclear fusion all you'll get is fart noises.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Human disease is made of fields, and what we experience as "sickness" is the result of destructive interference between fields among all possible excitations. It isn't just a calcucation tool ,but a filter that determines what 'viruses' (just a excitation in the field) manifest as illness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You get the idea. What would you think about such a post? Did this person just solve all of human illness? Groundbreaking work any doctor would be a fool to dismiss? Or is it wordplay that entirely ignores all the vast evidence we have about human biology and disease mechanisms? Think about it, seriously, because this is what you are doing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is definitely an arms race going on, both with papers and "resume fluff". The latter is an issue everywhere and imo it's killing a lot of innovation because the minds that really move the needle are usually not the kinds of people who voluntarily participate in that system. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh my god the Jags actually did something competent????? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They did something competent in an incompetent way }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  yelling at a fisherman 'don't just stand there! catch a fish!' way }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jimmy carr: what have you been looking to recently? Other than glory holes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neolib on thiel-I dont want to just outlive him. i want to visit him on his death bed and remind him that we all turn to dust, and that despite all his ambitions he will never be old enough to see them. Despite how genius of a guy he thinks he is, all that's left for him is an eternity of nothingness at best, and an eternity of hell at worst. I want him to know that his entire life project was nothing but a waste of his life, and the only thing he will experience for the short time he has left is me staring at him }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I had an overdose on cocaine on christmas. That's when my family learned about my substance abuse, self harm and suicidal thoughts. I promised and kept my promise of not taking anymore drugs. They told me that I shouldn't have kept my feelings a secret and they would be there for me, to call if I feel bad, suicidal or about to relapse. I started therapy and medication.\line Now I have good days and really bad days. My family, but specifically my dad, are critical of me when I have depressive behaviour, am serious, and don't engage much in conversation. He scolds me when I take too long to complete non-essential tasks (like not doing urgent errands, not getting a job even though I'm severely depressed, have extremely low energy, and don't need money or take from others since I got a rental income). He complains about how I am fine some days and not okay some days. Everything they demand from me is exactly how I am on cocaine, but they don't want me to take cocaine, but hate who I am sober.\line How can they say I shouldn't have hidden my feelings when that's what they always ask from me? When I have the slightest amount of energy I have to use it to act as if I'm fine, cause they can't even stand me not smiling and not being fun to be around.\line There's no place for me to exist as myself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In summary: Although I lack the math ability to write the equations for this theory, which is a paradigm shift similar to Galileo's discovery of the pendulum, I hope that physicists will abandon their self-serving inquisition against this theory and work out the details. I point out that they laughed at Hoyle too.One of the problems with string theory is the unbelievably small size of the strings involved. However, ropes are a couple of inches or so, the so-called "Snyder length". Instead of needing galaxy sized particle accelerators to see them, we can use ordinary telescopes.It is no secret that Feynman in his later years was leaning towards repudiating QED. I'm sure he would have endorsed rope\line \line Reference: https://www.physicsforums.com/threads/unveiling-rope-theory-a-new-paradigm-in-physics.149502/ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , I would underscore that the intensity of this preoccupation reflects just how pressing has become the dilemma created by the rejection of the divine origin and authority of the Bible. A crisis in understanding is the price paid for autonomy, for making man the interpreter constitutive for meaning and revelation. Ours is a day when, as never before, man has become a question to himself. Man himself has become hermeneutically problematic, and his entire existence is conceived of as one great interpretative endeavor. In a world in which it is held that the only absolute is uncertainty, he searches for norms.}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0  From the aimless roll of time in which he is caught up he tries to wrest meaning. On the ever-drifting sands of historical theology he attempts the impossible task of erecting a coherent statement of faith. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We get the occasional sargassum infestation but it's every few years if that, depending on winds and storms out in the atlantic. Same with portuguese man o war - they appear infrequently but they pop up. I got stung by one in April. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leopold Kronecker famously said, "God created the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 integers; all else is the work of man.". Even Ludwig}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s works have some affinity to finitism and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 his famous quote :}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "For if one person can see it as a paradise . .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ., why should not another see it as a joke?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one shall expel us from the paradise that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cantor has created for us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 David Hilbert}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Working out the details connects us with a rich vein of combinatorics, along with Lagrange\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reversion/inversion of series, and also somewhat surprisingly Euler\u8217\'92s polytope formula. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A pig\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breakfast}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slaveback mtns}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://preview.redd.it/77jx4td8nnif1.jpeg?width=1024&auto=webp&s=1280855c4a767ccc7e9e46d48601ff8830e6172a"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://preview.redd.it/77jx4td8nnif1.jpeg?width=1024&auto=webp&s=1280855c4a767ccc7e9e46d48601ff8830e6172a}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the sensation of understanding is proof of something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Life is exploring the possibility space of sensation. The crook in a tree}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 hilosopher\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voltaire"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Voltaire}}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 , who was in London at the time of Newton's funeral, said that he "was never sensible to any passion, was not subject to the common frailties of mankind, nor had any commerce with women\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 a circumstance which was assured me by the physician and surgeon who attended him in his last moments}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 apparently there was a steel mill in Fontana that sold slag as road ballast throughout the region }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lawrence Wright's "The Looming Towers" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Egypt doing Egypt things. Back in the day the Egyptians wanted to get of Ayman al-Zawahiri, who was the leader of the Egyptian Islamic jihad at the time and hiding in Sudan. So the Egyptian intelligence services kidnapped the 13 year old son of someone known to have ties to him, drugged, raped the kid on camera and threatened to show the pictures to his family who would have likely killed him for engaging in sodomy. Then they forced him to recruit another kid, who they then did the same thing to. They then sent both kids with a bomb to try to kill him, they didn't get a chance, got caught by sudan, tried for sodomy, treason, some other stuff and got executed on tape. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 make a diagnosis and a prognosis }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that if man will not be led, he is driven. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we should name the most important factor in the changes which have gradually widened the contrast between modern science and the scholasticism of the Middle Ages, we might define it as a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93progressive recognition of hereditary influences.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a time when each individual of the human race was considered a separate accident, called into existence by an act of unlimited, arbitrary power, and apt to be as suddenly changed, even unto a complete inversion of his former moral being, by a merciful, or revengeful, caprice of the same power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Biology has since taught us to apply the doctrine of evolution to the problems of our own moral and physical nature, to trace the tendencies of bygone times to their effects in the present age, to consider individuals the outcome of a long series of precedent influences, and to recognise the truth that the length of those influences is proportioned to the persistence of the result.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Off the top of my head, Sayers-Reynolds tries to reproduce Dante's terza rima to varying degrees of success and failure. The successes are superlative, the failures horrendous. Musa is simple and clear and often has an understated beauty, but his poetry is not very memorable. Ciardi is perhaps the most popular choice for most people, often gorgeously poetic but less formally faithful to Dante; he plays too fast and loose for my tastes. Pinsky is quite interesting, perhaps maddening to a degree, but he only ever translated Inferno. Merwin similar things could be said but he only translated Purgatorio as far as I know. The Hollanders get the job done well enough, they're "literal" for lack of a better word, at the same time there's enough "music" in their translation as well, so many find it strikes and good balance. However I think most of the music in their translation is owing less to them and more to the fact that they've more or less turned Sinclair/Singleton's prose into verse form, which the Hollanders admit in their introduction. See also Madison Sowell's review of the Hollanders' Paradiso which should be available to read for free online. The Hollanders' notes are extremely detailed and systematic and comprehensive, even overwhelming so, and that's the primary reason I use them. Durling and Martinez are good for prose, if a bit bland, with very detailed notes as well. Both the Hollanders and the Durling/Martinez editions are excellent editions for scholarly study, to really dig deep into Dante, as opposed to notes for the average person simply wishing to read Dante. The older Singleton is wonderful prose. Probably my favorite prose translation, though Singleton is really just a revision of Sinclair. Singleton comes in 6 volumes, one volume apiece for Inferno, Purgatorio, and Paradiso, and corresponding volumes for notes and commentary on each. Esolen has glorious moments intermingled with (shall we say) lesser ones, but mostly he's a fine translation. I don't think Esolen would object if I characterized his translation as a muscular translation. Kirkpatrick is good, he often makes Dante come across as great English writer like Shakespeare or Milton, almost theatrical as well, but at the same time Kirkpatrick seems to want to stand out too much and uses some four letter words (e.g. "fig fuck" for an Italian gesture that's similar to the middle finger). Clive James is eccentric. He commits the almost unpardonable sin of using quatrains instead of tercets which is significant in Dante's poetry an theology, using threes to reflect triadic or trinitarian patterns. Mary Jo Bang is even more eccentric than James, in fact I'd say the most eccentric of all. Cary is super old but still readable to a degree. Longfellow is still an awesome translation, and the very first American English translation, if one doesn't mind and can follow the 19th century language. Nichols is beautiful. I'd suggest Nichols is something of a Mandelbaum mixed with a Musa. By the way, it's interesting to note not all the translations are done by poets. Yet poets who are also good translators typically capture what good translators alone cannot always capture. Of the translations I've cited, I think the best poet-translators of Dante are Nichols and Mandelbaum. Pinksy, Merwin, and Ciardi deserve praise but I don't find their translations of the Commedia as valuable as Nichols and Mandelbaum. Jean Hollander is a poet but once again the Hollanders' translation seems at least equal measure (if not significantly more) Sinclair/Singleton, and in any case I wouldn't say her poetic work shines in the translation. All in all, I think Mandelbaum is one of the best English translations in a crowded field. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Binyon was a fine poet from the WWI era (e.g. "For the Fallen"). He was in his mid-40s during the war, yet he volunteered to serve as a hospital orderly to help soldiers on the frontlines. As such, he witnessed the horrors of war firsthand. I mention this because his experience in the Great War significantly informs his translation. For one thing, Binyon well captures the ghastly horrors in Dante, perhaps better than any other English translator. For another, there aren't as many poet-translators of the entire Commedia as one might initially assume: that is, translators who are both fine translators as well as fine poets in their own right. Binyon is among this number. Of course, all the major Dante translators are fine scholars, but not all are fine poets too. This matters if one cares about literary beauty in translation. In any case, I'd place Binyon more or less alongside the likes of Longfellow, Ciardi, Sisson, Mandelbaum, Nichols, and a handful of others. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, and I think the biggest reason I even bring all this up, is that a good deal of Moby Dick goes back to the Essex. For those who may not know the tragedy of the Essex is essentially the true story Moby Dick was based on, in which a whaling vessel gets attacked and sunk by a sperm whale in November of 1820. Unlike Moby Dick though, the Essex had a good deal of survivors (3 whale boats full). Stuck in the middle of the sea, the survivors had to make a decision, they could either go towards the Marquesas Islands (about 1,200 miles west), go towards the Society Islands (about 2000 miles west), or turn east back towards South America (about 2000 nautical miles east). Despite the relative nearness of the Polynesian islands, the survivors of the Essex ended up heading towards South America because they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard tale of cannibalism on the Marquesas and other Society Islands. As a result most of them died and, ironically, resorted to cannibalism. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76971/pg76971-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76971/pg76971-images.html}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pretty good.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I spoke lightly, even with a deliberately jocose and chaffing air. He listened to me gravely. \line }
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andr%C3%A9_Gide"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andr%C3%A9_Gide}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pederast with a nobel prize}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Gide began preparing his manuscript for publication, the Kremlin was immediately informed about it,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andr%C3%A9_Gide#cite_note-rg-28"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [28]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and soon Gide was visited by the Soviet author\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ilya_Ehrenburg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ilya Ehrenburg}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , who said that he agreed with Gide, but asked to postpone the publication, as the Soviet Union assisted the Republicans in Spain; two days later,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louis_Aragon"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Louis Aragon}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~delivered a letter from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jef_Last"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jef Last}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~asking to postpone the publication. These efforts failed, and as the book was published, Gide was condemned in the Soviet press}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andr%C3%A9_Gide#cite_note-rg-28"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [28][25]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and by the "friends of the USSR":\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nordahl_Grieg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nordahl Grieg}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~wrote that the Gide wrote the book out of impatience, and that with it he did a favour for the Fascists, who greeted it with joy. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flannery O\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Connor refused to sit next to James Baldwin at a dinner. She wrote to a friend, \u8220\'93You know, I\u8217\'92m an integrationist by principle & a segregationist by taste anyway. I don\u8217\'92t like negroes. They all give me a pain and the more of them I see, the less and less I like them. Particularly the new kind.\u8221\'94 She was long one of my favourite authors, I collected first editions and so on. I\u8217\'92d probably fall back into her stories if I\u8217\'92d look at them, but I can\u8217\'92t seem to bring myself to do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Edit: and then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Dickens, a monster of a man, committing his sane wife into an asylum so he could run off with a teenager. One could spend an afternoon chronicling similar, equally horrific author backstories, but my depression threshold begs off; I\u8217\'92ll take relief in Marilynne Robinson and Hilary Mantle, 2 brilliant, gentle souls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the terms\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 highbrow}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lowbrow}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~are borrowed from the pseudoscience of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phrenology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 phrenology}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the mid 20th century, the term\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 middlebrow}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~became a pejorative usage in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modernism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 modernist cultural criticism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~written by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwight_Macdonald"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dwight Macdonald}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia_Woolf"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Virginia Woolf}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell_Lynes"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Russell Lynes}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , which pejorative usage placed\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Popular_culture"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 popular culture}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~at the margin of mainstream culture in favour of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_culture"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 high culture}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middlebrow#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [2]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Culturally, the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 middlebrow sensibility}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~appears as a forced and ineffective attempt at cultural and intellectual achievement by way of popular literature that emphasises emotional and sentimental connections, rather than\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intellectualism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intellectualism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and an appreciation of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avant-garde"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 literary innovation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middlebrow#cite_note-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [3]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~In contrast, the philosophy of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postmodernism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 postmodernism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~readily perceives the cultural advantages of the perspective of the middlebrow person who is aware of and likes high culture, but effectively balances the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aesthetic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 aesthetic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~demands of high art with the cultural demands of daily life in the world.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middlebrow#cite_note-4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [4]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead of such social and intellectual freedom, the middlebrows are\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 betwixt and between}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , people whom Woolf characterises as "in pursuit of no single object, neither Art itself nor life itself, but both mixed indistinguishably, and rather nastily, with money, fame, power, or prestige". The middlebrow value system rewards quick gains through books already designated as 'Classic literature' and as 'Great literature', but never of their own choosing, because "to buy living art requires living taste". The critic Woolf concludes that the middlebrow class are culturally meretricious \endash  a human condition less demanding than personal\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authenticity_(philosophy)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 authenticity}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cult and culture}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stop birthday song in the start - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93let\u8217\'92s at least sing on key\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you give correct information to a LLM, the risk of the LLM giving you crap in return is very low. If your incorrect preconception is baked in your prompt, the LLM is likely to follow you along your delusions. Keep this going for long enough and we end up with the schizo stuff being dumped on this subreddit daily. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I use LLMs as a tool to aid along my research sometimes but whenever I hit an area where I don't know all ins and outs I'm very cautious. I've experienced it time and time again where I'm hopeful exploring an idea with the LLM, then "wait a minute", I verify a reputable source or perform the reasoning myself, and I realize I led the LLM to a dead end, eliciting hallucination. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [\endash ]{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 The_InvisibleWoman}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 583 points}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~1 year ago\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "This poem was written on October 13, 2023, in one sitting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No shit.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/literature/comments/1bs3v47/the_actual_worst_poem_i_have_ever_read_poem_of/kxdkkaa/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b1\i0 permalink}}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b1\i0 embed}}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b1\i0 save}}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b1\i0 report}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \endash ]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/user/theivoryserf"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b1\i0 theivoryserf{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 78 points}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~1 year ago\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'The majority of my poems go through a vigorous series of revisions. In this instance, I resisted that impulse, as I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to fall into the trap of revising the poem to try and keep pace with the escalating and profoundly disturbing violence.'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gonna be honest, it might have been worth falling into the trap of revising the poem}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 William McGonagall had all of these. He was a native of Dundee in Scotland. He described himself as a poet and tragedian. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The most startling incident in my life was when I discovered myself to be a poet.\u8221\'94 His compatriots often wished he had not. Once when he was reciting his poetry in a pub, a waiter threw a wet towel at him. His version of the events was that the publican was upset that everyone was listening to him and not drinking their beer and so had a waiter throw a towel at McGonagall to end the poetry reading. Another publican threw peas at him. Once again, McGonagall had a positive interpretation. \u8220\'93The reason, I think for the publican throwing peas at me is because I say, \u8216\'91to the devil with your glass\u8217\'92 in my song \u8216\'91The Rattling Boy from Dublin\u8217\'92, and he, no doubt considered it had a teetotal tendency about it, and, for that reason, he had felt angry, and had thrown peas at me }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It can take months or years for the pore water pressure to dissipate, even for relatively thin layers (10-20 metres)." Megayears, and hundreds of metres. I spent decades in the North Sea fighting under-recognised trapped pore pressure in thick claystone units. I've seen literal millions of dollars of effort and equipment lost to that in the Eocene "Lark Formation", including the loss of radioactive sources intense enough that even I keep clear of them. Pink cement time! Well sections lost to wellbore collapse - you've got 3 days before the unit starts throwing rocks at you ; on the 4th day, it throws big rocks ; on the 5th day it tries to grab your drilling tools (including sources) ; by the 6th day, you might as well pour cement and try to re-drill the hole, because your further efforts are throwing good money after bad. I've watched several drilling managers arrive, cross swords, lose, and get retired back to America (or Canada, or the Netherlands). It's a VERY practical question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Le Guin saw men as the actors and doers in the [world], while women remain the still centre, the well from which they drink" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bunch of people out there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lovers of Shakespeare, included\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ask, "why does it matter? Aren't the words more important than who wrote them?" The anti-Stratfordians tend to take greater umbrage at that question than the Stratfordians because by identifying their man or woman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whether it's Bacon, Christopher Marlowe, William de Vere (Earl of Oxford), Queen Elizabeth, or countless others\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as the true author, we would glean truer meanings of those words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I agree. Who wrote Shakespeare's works matters as much to me as what "Shakespeare" wrote. It's not for the secret identity of the man behind the words but how and why a particular man wrote the specific words he wrote in the way in which he wrote them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the article: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91One young monk lamented that having his mobile phone, which was used for reading scriptures, confiscated felt like \u8220\'93losing an arm\u8221\'94. \u8216\'91}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The irony of this comment made me laugh, because of the well told story of the first disciple who Bodhidharma rejected for having too much attachment to the material world. So the disciple cut off his arm to demonstrate his devotion and readiness. And that is why Shaolin monks traditionally bow with one hand, to honour that original Shaolin disciple.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It can take months or years for the pore water pressure to dissipate, even for relatively thin layers (10-20 metres)." Megayears, and hundreds of metres. I spent decades in the North Sea fighting under-recognised trapped pore pressure in thick claystone units. I've seen literal millions of dollars of effort and equipment lost to that in the Eocene "Lark Formation", including the loss of radioactive sources intense enough that even I keep clear of them. Pink cement time! Well sections lost to wellbore collapse - you've got 3 days before the unit starts throwing rocks at you ; on the 4th day, it throws big rocks ; on the 5th day it tries to grab your drilling tools (including sources) ; by the 6th day, you might as well pour cement and try to re-drill the hole, because your further efforts are throwing good money after bad. I've watched several drilling managers arrive, cross swords, lose, and get retired back to America (or Canada, or the Netherlands). It's a VERY practical question. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ludwing boltzmann, who spent much of his life studying statistical mechanics, died in 1906, by his own hand. Paul Eherenfest, carrying on the work, died similarly in 1933. Now, it is our turn to study statistical mechancis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -maximum likelihood estimator - chang 1996 chor tuller 2006 ???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tip of the crown commonly has a spiked or knobbed }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 finial}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  made of metal or wood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Intelligent, but primitive categoreies of thought}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I know why your music didn't catch on, but that doesn't stop me from being disappointed in people for it. Poetic and important realizations no one wants to spend time with.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m posting this from a library Wi-Fi on a burner laptop because I am technically under a massive NDA. I don\u8217\'92t care anymore. I put in my two weeks yesterday and honestly, I hope they sue me. I\u8217\'92ve been sitting on this for about eight months, just watching the code getting pushed to production, and I can\u8217\'92t sleep at night knowing I helped build this machine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You guys always suspect the algorithms are rigged against you, but the reality is actually so much more depressing than the conspiracy theories. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m a backend engineer. I sit in the weekly sprint planning meetings where Product Managers (PMs) discuss how to squeeze another 0.4% margin out of "human assets" (that\u8217\'92s literally what they call drivers in the database schemas). They talk about these people like they are resource nodes in a video game, not fathers and mothers trying to pay rent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First off, the "Priority Delivery" is a total scam. It was pitched to us as a "psychological value add." Like I said in the title, when you pay that extra $2.99, it changes a boolean flag in the order JSON, but the dispatch logic literally ignores it. It does nothing to speed you up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We actually ran an A/B test last year where we didn't speed up the priority orders, we just purposefully delayed non-priority orders by 5 to 10 minutes to make the Priority ones "feel" faster by comparison. Management loved the results. We generated millions in pure profit just by making the standard service worse, not by making the premium service better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the thing that actually makes me sick\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the main reason I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m quitting\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is the "Desperation Score." We have a hidden metric for drivers that tracks how desperate they are for cash based on their acceptance behavior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If a driver usually logs on at 10 PM and accepts every garbage $3 order instantly without hesitation, the algo tags them as "High Desperation." Once they are tagged, the system then deliberately stops showing them high-paying orders. The logic is: "Why pay this guy $15 for a run when we know he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desperate enough to do it for $6?" We save the good tips for the "casual" drivers to hook them in and gamify their experience, while the full-timers get grinded into dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there is the "Benefit Fee." You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve probably seen that $1.50 "Regulatory Response Fee" or "Driver Benefits Fee" that appeared on your bill after the recent labor laws passed. The wording is designed to make you feel like you're helping the worker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In reality, that money goes straight to a corporate slush fund used to lobby against driver unions. We have a specific internal cost center for "Policy Defense," and that fee feeds directly into it. You are literally paying for the high-end lawyers that are fighting to keep your delivery guy homeless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And regarding tips, we're essentially doing Tip Theft 2.0. We don't "steal" them legally anymore because we got sued for that. Instead, we use predictive modeling to dynamically lower the base pay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the algo predicts you are a "high tipper" and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll likely drop $10, it offers the driver a measly $2 base pay. If you tip $0, it offers them $8 base pay just to get the food moved. The result is that your generosity isn't rewarding the driver; it\u8217\'92s subsidizing us. You\u8217\'92re paying their wage so we don't have to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm drunk and I'm angry. Ask me anything before this gets taken down.}}