{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial Third stepped up to the edge of a barren plateau. Far below her painted toes lay a red rock valley. This valley coursed into a desert, where its dry riverbed choked on sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She recalled how that river had once sustained an idyllic clime. On came the memory wildflowers, endless fields of them. She longed for their sweet aroma to stick to her hair again, and oh, how she would delight in the excitement every little butterfly and bee. Chirping birds hunted those crazed swarms, and the meat of those birds fed foxes, and all of them, at different stages of life, from womb to carrion corpse, fed lizards. The meat of the lizards fed larger birds, and on the circle went. As the Impartial Third, she presided over that tapestry, measuring out fates alongside the Creative First and the Destructive Second. Now, all those creatures were fossilized under a thick layer of compacted sand, and the only things growing on the surface were ugly lichens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They looked like brown rags, those lichens. They sustained nothing but themselves as they soaked up the evening mist. Then, there was the blood from all the dead soldiers. Those favored sons and daughters were not native to this soil, but another layer of sand would soon erase that proud distinction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped off the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her white robes clung to her body as she fell. The wind ripped tears from her eyes. Better for her that she should die instead of be stuck in this bitter world. It was better for her, but only her; for everyone else, she needed to see the day through.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She clenched her fists and swerved out of her fall with the power of flight. She zipped through the red rock valley. She followed its course out into the desert, tracing the dead river as it meandered through the battlefield. On any other day, the sweep of carnage below her would have made her sick. On this day, the dead radiated peace. It was as if they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d chosen to die easily, with limbs gently bent instead of broken, secure in the belief that their sacrifices had truly made a difference. But their eyes were shut. They were blind to the red line of fire which underscored the horizon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was another outbreak of war, and it had been burning for days. The sky above it was a roiling cloud of smoke. The immensity of that smoke was so great that it could be called a god in its own right, deserving of a name. When its stomach flashed with }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lightning, the peace which issued from these silent dead was subsumed by the distant drum of sequent thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had died for nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bit her lip to keep from weeping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Embarrassed, she wiped her cheek clean from the stain of tears. Now, she bit her lip in anger, because all those people below her were dead, and elsewhere more were dying, and she thought to pity herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her selfishness was appalling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unconscionable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remembering her purpose, she sped towards the setting sun. Far beyond the sprawl of embattled dead, she saw her destination: a lonely red rock circle trimmed with standing stones. The Creative First and Destructive Second were already there, positioned as far apart as the circle allowed, which for them, was not far enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial Third picked up speed, then swept down to alight upon the stone with a whirlwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative First scowled at this dramatic entrance. As the eldest, she styled herself as the wisest, though between them all, age was uncountable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive Second did not appear to register that the Impartial Third had arrived. She sat}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  on a drop cloth stool with her back turned to the circle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s center. Her shaved head was aimed at the red line of war which churned the world over. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her white robes were slipping off her aged shoulders, and fashioned as they were from transparent silk they left nothing to the imagination, even where the material bunched. It was not seductive, and neither was it meant to be. The Destructive\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark philosophy was strange and heavy with symbols; she wore transparent robes to draw attention to the false boundaries which disguise naked and uncomfortable truths, or something of the sort. The Impartial did not much care to remember motivations or philosophies, only outcomes. These two, the Creative First and Destructive Second, they were near enough to the root of all the world\u8217\'92s troubles. They detested each other. No word was strong enough to capture their bitter enmity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for coming,\u8221\'94 the Impartial Third said to them both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scowl deepened. \u8220\'93You well know that we are bound to honor your summons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not summon you here to uphold your oaths to the essences. I summoned you here as friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends?\u8221\'94 the Destructive said as she stood up and kicked her stool. Instead of clattering onto the stone, it blinked out of existence. \u8220\'93I was not aware that we were friends. I\u8217\'92ve lost count of how many times }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  tried to murder me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She gestured towards the Creative, whose scowl deepened still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prophylactic measures,\u8221\'94 the Creative argued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial raised a pacifying hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not here to arbitrate,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I am here to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Little good talk would do,\u8221\'94 the Creative snipped. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  will never listen. Her god separated her mind from sense a long, long time ago.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 your }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 god is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please contain yourselves,\u8221\'94 the Impartial said gently. She glared at the Destructive to make sure the woman\u8217\'92s insult stayed unspoken. \u8220\'93I do not care if either of you listen to me, but you will stand still and be quiet while I speak. If it makes it easier, this will be the last you will ever hear from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A sudden seriousness gripped both the Creative First and the Destructive Second. The Impartial was not one for exaggeration. She always said what she meant. She would soon be leaving them. Why? Impartials had been replaced before, but it was extremely rare. They looked at her now as if realizing, for the first time, that she had her own internal world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial stared at the floor, trying to remember how she wanted to approach this delicate matter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was the dream,\u8221\'94 she muttered. She gathered her voice, then said, \u8220\'93I had a dream wherein I discovered how to contain the essences of the Divided God. I assembled a chorus to chant Their names. It sounds absurd, but if you heard Their names repeated, each note entering on the finger, each new voice swelling the chord until the wash of noise did shake the earth\u8230\'85such was the echo in the valleys that one and twenty voices blossomed into twelve and thousands.\u8221\'94 She was speaking now to the sky, to the stars beyond it. There was a younger face beneath her wrinkling years. \u8220\'93It did subdue Them,\u8221\'94 she claimed. \u8220\'93For an age of peace, it stilled Their being. There was balance! Then I woke back up into this nightmare, into the futility of Their conflict. I decided then and there to intervene.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Intervene?\u8221\'94 the Creative asked dismissively, clearly doubting the possibility that the Impartial had any real power to stop anyone from doing anything, much less the god of gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial hesitated, then breathed deep to keep herself from getting sidetracked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This world is built upon conflict,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93There are two competing principles: chaos, and stasis. When there is balance between these two, there is beauty. The Divided was once the source of this balance, but His two tongues have been set against each other. Why? You may say that they have always been set against each other, but it was never as bad as this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 she swept her hand over the world\u8217\'92s desolation, then let her eyes linger on the fires of war which pillaged the west. \u8220\'93Like the Divided, you fight against balance. You fight for absolute victory. Tell me, where is the room for me and my title when both of you believe that coexistence is impossible? Then, tell me why you struggle at all if you believe in the inevitably of your victory over the other. There\u8217\'92s no sense in it. It is the behavior of fearful creatures. It is ruinous. I am tired of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then die,\u8221\'94 the Destructive said simply, as though dying were a reasonable solution to any and every problem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial bit her lip. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know your hearts are the same as mine,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You are just as tired, even disillusioned. Why wouldn\u8217\'92t you be? You battle, day after day, only to have every victory and defeat lead into another battle. The difference between us, is that you have lost all sense of proportion. You desire an end. You crave a battle to finish all battles, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I do,\u8221\'94 the Creative said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want more than a battle,\u8221\'94 the Destructive added. She stared down the Creative\u8217\'92s scowl. \u8220\'93I want to hold her stomach in my hand while she sees her life\u8217\'92s work come to waste. I want to corner her into an eternity of loss, then watch her face as my triumph sours her dying breath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see how she is!?\u8221\'94 the Creative griped. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you not want the same?\u8221\'94 the Impartial countered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I merely want her dead!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you will never manage that so long as the Divided God sustains her. So, why bother?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For the same reason the leaves lap the sun and the roots drink water\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we play the role we are given.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not for much longer,\u8221\'94 the Impartial stated. \u8220\'93I have gathered you here to tell you that I aim to kill the Divided God.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She paused to get a measure of t. Both women were }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When They are dead, it will be possible for one of you to defeat the other. You claim you want a conclusion? For my last act as Impartial, you will have it. I do not care which of you wins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative appeared confused, as if she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t properly parsed the Impartial\u8217\'92s meaning. The Destructive smiled a sort of manic smile which made plain her belief that the Impartial had lost her mind. \u8220\'93Are you finished?\u8221\'94 she asked, apparently ready to break into laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have said what I meant to say. You may leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive chuckled and shook her head, then zipped up into the air and made for the west, no doubt aiming to tend to the flames of war.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative watched her leave with a frown. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot kill either god which sits inside the Divided,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It is impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I have tried. Now, stick to your title, for whatever that is worth. All will be well.\u8221\'94 She flew up into the air and sped towards the east, either to brand a fledgling civilization, or start a new one. Her numbers were growing slim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When both were far and gone from sight, the Impartial Third flew straight up into the sky. Such was her speed, that her white robes buzzed behind her. She pushed through the sunset to find the night, where the stars, in their sparkling multitude, overwhelmed. Below, the soft glow of the world painted her robes a peachy red. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She drifted for half a hand, rationing the bubble of air that she brought to protect her body from the vacuum. She eyed the stars, and eventually found what she was looking for: a massive chunk of broken Black. As always, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enormity humbled her. She\u8217\'92d seen larger stones, but this Black was of a substance which defied all size comparison. It would seem larger next to objectively larger things. And though it floated freely, it was, somehow, still embedded in the void, as its edges extruded out of the blankness of space. Its jagged body was chaotically pinched, looking like a spiky complex of scar contractures marring the milky swathe of stars behind it. It was as if a small city had been glassed into obsidian, then broken, then smushed up into a ball, then hammered into a shape which evoked despair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Black turned, slowly, through its tempted orbit. Its shattered surface multiplied the reflection of the world a million times over. It turned to reveal the flat, cylindrical head that would strike that world like a hammer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And what was the world, now?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From this height, she could see it all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That once green paradise was crusted over with history. Abandoned civilizations trimmed every river bend like lesions. Forests which once nursed innumerable varieties of tree and bush were now flat, having been clear cut to make room for herds of cattle.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  All the rivers were dammed. Bare mountains rumpled up the rifts of tectonic plates like festering wounds. Most of the colors dipped into red and gray. And there amongst it all was the Divided God, blinding white, and sparkling. From this distance, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They looked like a fallen star twinkling atop the tallest peak of the Goree mountains. They rarely moved from the spot, paralyzed as They were by the constant struggle of two different essences trying to assert control over a shared body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial Third floated behind the Black. Neither the First nor the Second knew of its existence. Neither did the Divided God. With all their attention drawn to the threads of fate which guided life, none of them would see this block of death coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her eyes, held out her hand, and spoke a word of impulse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was not prepared for how the Black would grab her words, and then pull the impulse out of her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mind ran flush with memories of childhood. The mother who abused her. The love who never saw in her what she saw in herself. The despair which led her to be chosen as the Impartial Third, thus inserting her into history. The first king and the first queen, the first sailing ship and the first shipwreck, the first minted silver coin and the first imitation of it; a thin bit of copper washed in pewter. The urge to horde. The night she gained the sight. Anatomy lessons with the flayed. The long charter of the fleshcraft guild. The temptations of priests. The origins of debt. The operations of war. The shock of famine. King Sixa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan to pot the desert with wells. The explosion of Mount Volgi which poisoned half the holy continent. The first revolution which smashed the walls of the first city. The beginning of table manners. Selfishness chewing at the world\u8217\'92s roots. And more. All of it. The Black pulled nearly all of her out of herself to fuel its flight towards the earth, leaving her in a stupor, barely able to even sip on her bubble of air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She watched with horror as the Black smashed into the atmosphere. It fell into the clouds. When its tumble obscured the shining light of the Divided God, she sank into even more primitive categories of feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  impact shook the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shockwave spread out of the fireball to sweep over the world. It erased the Destructive\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s black cloud of war like it was nothing. It shushed the fire below it, flattened entire armies. It went out to the sea to steam the waters, igniting magnificent phytoplankton blooms, thousands of miles long, glowing blue in whirling gyres. It went on to circle the globe, dragging a shade of dust behind it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soundlessness of space muted her sigh of awe. Then, she began to suffocate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sensed the stretching of time, the thinness of her life. Time was freezing around her twinkling thoughts. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wondered how long her body would last amongst the stars; how long she would cast her shadow upon the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wondered if her name would be made into a curse for killing the god of gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Accepting of her fate, she breathed in her last, held it, and died.}}