{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flyswatted inserted HERE.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fill out chain of catastrophes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I know that my title has long outlived my use,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Yet, the fact remains that }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I resolved to be done with it. It was then that I realized that there is only. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve chosen to delve into the mysteries of the Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 what}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please. Don\u8217\'92t act like you didn\u8217\'92t already know the answer. You\u8217\'92ve thought of it, too. Only, you\u8217\'92re too much of a . You absolve your conscious by deferring the indignity to me. Which, I hope you know, makes you worse than me. Not only will their death be on your hands, but so will the stain of shirking responsibility. Well, I won\u8217\'92t let you off so easy. When the gods are all dead, you\u8217\'92ll have no one left to repent to but to yourself, and to }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . I will not forgive you for it.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t expect you would.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Relationship with a bpd person}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was an eagerness about her. There was always an eagerness about her, and by the Third\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s judgment, that eagerness was fake.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How will you do it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel sensitive to it. World changign to hear the voice of woman.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How will I do }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 what}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fulfill our agreement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What agreement? I want to hear you say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How will you kill Them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Kill who? I aim to kill lots of people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will not indulge your sadism.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that where you draw the line? Killing your own god is an odd item to put below it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So long as you kill yours, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that is inevitable isn\u8217\'92t it. Both must killed so that we can finally kill each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How will you do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does it matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 for that valley and its river once sustained an idyllic clime.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Put dark sky and clouds.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For countless ages she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d schemed and counter-schemed against that shadow, trying to twist the fates of civilizations towards brighter future, and clouded her own conscience in doing it; prophylactic murders and tactical retreats, after to day\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 after today, all that would be finished.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She sped towards the horizon. There, a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 wide, rolling cloud of smoke billowed out a line of fire. The battle there had been raging for days. Hundreds of thousands had already perished. Such was the glut of death that the magic\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d smoke feeding on it had grown into a god in its own right, deserving of a name. Its stomach flashed with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 lightning, and all her thoughts were subsumed by the rolling drum of sequent thunder.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spiky complex of scar contractures on the endless skin of night.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You were so determined not to abandon a wounded person, that you abandoned yourself instead, only to realize you were the only one bleeding for a relationship you didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know they had.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So determined not to abandon a wounded world, that she abandoned herself instead, }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . It was the battle to end all battles. It was not the first final battle; more than hundred of these cataclysms shook the earth, but this one was a true end, for the source of them all would be struck out.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At the far end of the sacred grove stands a tree such as we had never seen elsewhere, of which the crowded panicles of single petaled flowers, deepest crimson in colour, swayed to and fro in the breeze amid dark quivering leaves, or fell earthward in showers, like drops of new drawn blood. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War mongering coward }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Erosion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Antecline.}}