{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the weeks leading up to the moment when Mandrameen quit painting, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d laze the days away in the halls of a lesser prince named Eruhd. He drank the prince\u8217\'92s wine, stuffed his face with peach chicken potstickers and prickled lizard pluck, all the while admiring the paintings of the Lady Fremel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri liked Fremel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work. She had no equal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 surpassed by many, yes, but no true equal. She was decent. Her finished product required a little more finishing. But she was a painter\u8217\'92s painter, and that unfortunately means that the subtleties of her brush were completely lost on the Hrkan elite and her tremendous talent went largely overlooked. Mandri saw in her a kindred spirit, and he was inspired by almost everything she did and that included how she died\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she killed herself by jumping from a balcony that overlooked the sea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had scribbled a few compositions of that moment, the moment just before the jump. The lady standing on a white stone banister, her waist-length hair wind-blown against her figure, hugging her, when nobody else would. Unfortunately, Mandri could never find someone who was willing to put up the funds for the finished piece.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On one of those lazy days spent idling around in the prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s halls, Mandri saw a curious sight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a Hrkan general was admiring Fremel\u8217\'92s paintings. The old general stopped to contemplate each piece, a curious sight because this general was a rough and tumble man who\u8217\'92d clearly risen up from the ranks, a battle hardened maniac who looked more likely to chew on the canvas than admire its deft use of color. He wasn\u8217\'92t the usual foppish wimp that makes a show of art appreciation. And this general struck his most thoughtful pose before Fremel\u8217\'92s greatest work, a painting titled, \u8220\'93The Shadow of the Goriol Valley\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wanted to know what the man thought about it. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s take was that the painting was a work of meager genius\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 meager genius, because Mandri could not admit anyone as true genius. But the painting was good. It was a view from the low Goriol Valley trail, looking up at the ridgeline which sheltered the valley from the eastern winds. The sun was setting behind that ridge, and so most of the scene was covered in shadow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  blues, purples and muddy grays that seem almost red against the cooler hues. Nearer the bottom, in the middle distance, was a sinuous, slow flowing creek. It\u8217\'92s water was blood red. That\u8217\'92s the first thing the viewer sees as one walks towards the painting from afar, for not only is the creek spotlighted by the sun peeking over the ridge, but the composition is structured in such a way that the eye is drawn to a stepping-stone waterfall that\u8217\'92s set on a golden third. Below this waterfall, bobbing in its pool, is a brown lump of something strange. Step a little closer to the painting and it becomes clear that this lump is a face-down, lifeless body. The water isn\u8217\'92t just blood-red, stained as such by clay or vegetable matter, it is literally blood, for the shadowed valley slope above is carpeted in human corpses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One almost has to squint to see the bodies, but they are there, soldiers all, brown skin folded and crumpled on top of each other like a storm from the Abari highlands had ripped through the valley and dumped them there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The General said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this is the worst painting ever made.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri would have laughed, but the man was being serious, and the man was who he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri briefly considered walking away, but soon he found himself asking, against his better judgment, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you like the piece?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 The general said. Mandri told the general he kept the place clean, and that seemed the placate the scar on the old man\u8217\'92s lip. The general went on to say, \u8220\'93It makes a mockery of war. Whoever painted this has never seen a battle. If you described to a child what happened in the Goriol Valley, and had them paint it, this is what you\u8217\'92d get. Obviously, it\u8217\'92s much prettier than what a child could do, but what this is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is childish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri smirked, the general noticed, and the man drew up such reserves of contempt of that Mandri wondered if the man were about to shout for an arrest. Generals still had that kind of power, even if the ascent of the Mazidai had long made battlefield tactics obsolete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was bothered by the General\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s critique\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what could be childish about a mound of bodies? Fremel had handled the subject seriously. The scene was gruesome, but not obscenely so. What was there to upset a Hrkan general? No doubt the man had seen a mound of bodies before. Probably, he\u8217\'92d ordered them made. Perhaps he was suffering a bout of guilt and, being too manly to accept he\u8217\'92d done anything wrong and accept responsibility for his actions, assumed that the artist was somehow attacking him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then again, Fremel wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t at the Goriol valley and she\u8217\'92d never seen a hill of corpses. Neither had Mandri. He\u8217\'92d seen dead bodies but only in the singular, and there was nothing profound about them. Perhaps a bloated body took on new meaning if it was piled up on top of twenty others. He always assumed he would never know. Then the battle at Minting Rock happened and a good seventy something Hrkans died, nine Ayramun as well, and when it was over, Ayram directed whoever was left to gather up the dead, Hrk and Outland alike, and put them in a pile. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were to be piled into the shape of a sphere. Mandri was not told why it should be a sphere instead of a regular old pile, nonetheless, that was the order. And because a pile of bodies does not naturally take a sphere\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shape, Mandri was conscripted to construct a large bowl out of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s rubble. Mandri spent the afternoon building that giant bowl, and he did a terrible job, on account of the pain in his leg. When the bodies were tossed in, they didn\u8217\'92t make a sphere, they made a regular old lump. Thankfully, no one seemed to care\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an effort had been made and an effort was enough. Mandri supposed everyone was too exhausted to be angry. Not only had they just fought a savage battle, but they\u8217\'92d been piling up the aftermath for hours. And it wasn\u8217\'92t only the enemy they were handling, it was their own friends as well. There were also those dessicated giants, the ones that had been tucked away inside of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s tombs for who knows how many centuries. In the collapse they\u8217\'92d split apart like twigs and whatever was found of them was tossed on top of pile like kindling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By twilight it was all finished and Mandri was allowed to creep away and rest against a heap of rocks. There he sat, alone, munching on some Hrkan hardtack, and his thoughts turned to that painting of the Goriol Valley and the General\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chiding critique\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 childish, he\u8217\'92d called it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This pile of dead did not resemble what Fremel had painted. There was significantly more blood in Fremel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision, and Fremel\u8217\'92s dead bodies were more seductive, though that was just how people were painted, living or dead. Her bodies were well-muscled and well-naked, or half-naked, and they looked like they\u8217\'92d just stepped out of a bath instead of choking each-other in sand. It was a typical dramatic device\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the perfection of youth cut down before their time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but Fremel\u8217\'92s message went further than that, for Fremel came from a school of artists who thought they had important things to say, for her it was matters of concupiscence, for what is war but a misuse the natural desires of the physical body?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fremel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s battlefield lay strewn with naked men lying upon naked men. They\u8217\'92ve all come down from their passionate trance, where reason gave way to baser instinct, where they wrestled, where their limbs tangled and their weapons, phallic, penetrating, stabbed into slits that bleed. It\u8217\'92s all quite blunt and homoerotic, with eyes rolled back, jaws slack, because ecstasy and death look quite the same and so does war and sex\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if both sides aren\u8217\'92t satisfied they go at it again until everyone is utterly spent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri surveyed the rubble of Minting Rock, as well as his own memory of what had transpired, and there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a lick of sexual energy in any of it. There\u8217\'92d been excitement, yes, but that did not last long, and it was firmly put to bed as soon as the bodies of the dead were tallied. Forty\u8217\'92s body could not be found, and that set the mood of the Ayramun careening into a fog of gloom. She had been well-liked. Seb had seen her jump into the fray, before the collapse, and that meant she was entombed in the bottom of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s central well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death was unnecessary. He\u8217\'92d lived through the collapse, but in a fit of chop-lust he sprinted towards a Hrkan soldier and was walloped by Ayram\u8217\'92s spear. Ayram was not forthcoming about precisely how it occurred, all he said was, \u8220\'93The idiot got in the way\u8221\'94. But the aftermath told the story\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Chopper\u8217\'92s sternum was cracked, and his lips were stained by his own blood for he\u8217\'92d died choking on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bushy faced Tob had been unlucky. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d survived the first half of Minting Rock splitting off, but from the way that Moto told it, the second half\u8217\'92s collapse sent a leg-sized shard of stone whistling down in Tob\u8217\'92s direction. If Tob had been standing a step to either side, he would have been fine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Elrahet survived, as old women always do. She was busy mumbling some witchy incantations as she laid her hands on the pile of dead. Mandri eyed her with more suspicion than she probably deserved. Purl was beside her, managing a meager flame that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lighting up anything but her handless arm as she tried, pitifully, to shield it from the wind. The rest of the surviving Ayramun\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram, Seb, Moto, and Moteah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they kept themselves busy trying to salvage what they could from the destruction. They\u8217\'92d already looted the dead for anything useful, mostly foodstuffs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrks had brought plenty of hardtack with them, and it was all wrapped up neatly in crinkly brown-leaf squares, each stamped with the sigil of Hrk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only thing Mandri took for himself was a pair of leather pouches tied together by a stiff catgut cord\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collection of rocks, one sack filled with luck, the other filled with bad luck, maybe ten pebbles apiece. Mandri had plucked them out of the dead man\u8217\'92s robes, and he plucked them because these rocks were Tob\u8217\'92s life\u8217\'92s work and Mandri respected the effort. He half-believed the rocks were charmed, because if a person can be lucky then why not a rock? And the pouches were more than the just the rocks inside them. They were the kind of thing Fremel might paint to get her message across. She might have put them hanging off the hip of a foreground figure to let everyone know this particular man was completely consumed by lust. Mandri dangled them about and wondered why he never noticed this kind of thing unless it was in a painting. In everyday life, pouches were merely pouches\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in a painting they\u8217\'92re a token of testicular virility. Tob had been walking around with these pouches for who knows how long and not once did Mandri point and laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all bullshit,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. He was referring, of course, to everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his aching leg, his skin sticky from sweat, Fremel\u8217\'92s attempt to impress the world, and the Ayramun, too, because all their friends had just been slaughtered and they were already moving on. They were a little glum, sure, but that didn\u8217\'92t seem like it was enough. Not a watery eye in sight when someone should be wailing. Poor Chopper. Poor Tob. They would have cared. Maybe not Tob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And Obo had died.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri thought about singing a song for Obo. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually do it, but he thought about doing it. Obo wasn\u8217\'92t human and he didn\u8217\'92t have a Spark, but he was deserving of a song, and if not a song, at least something more than an idle thought. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t even muster that. It was too big an inconvenience. He was as callous as the rest of them. But he had the excuse that he shouldn\u8217\'92t even be here. He }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be back in Meskalem, laying in his field getting high as balls on burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 High as balls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Folks in Eez call it tickleberried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All he had to show for his many travails was two pouches of charmed rocks and a wafer of brown Hrkan hardtack, but the hardtack wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t worth mentioning, for never was there a wafer of hardtack more suited to the name\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hard and tacky, as tasteless as wood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see those,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. The sinuous Zosan woman came stalking up behind Mandri, and was pointing at Tob\u8217\'92s pouches of rocks. She, out of all the Ayramun, seemed least affected by the great mound of death rotting just twenty yards away. She\u8217\'92d said, \u8216\'91let me see them\u8217\'92, but it was clear she had no intention of giving them back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those rocks don\u8217\'92t belong to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Tob doesn\u8217\'92t need them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah held out her hand and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me those rocks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb had been idling nearby like a dried out lizard. And the miserable lout was drawn to conflict like a dog to puke, so when Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone got serious his whole body perked up, and in a flash he how best to get involved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let the boy have the stones,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Not like you\u8217\'92ll use \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He hardly knew Tob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like that matters. An\u8217\'92 it\u8217\'92s not like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  cared about him.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would you know, Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I heard you call him a greaseless pushcart. Thems cruel words.\u8221\'94 Seb\u8217\'92s manner was thick as usual, and he was still chewing on a spine. \u8220\'93An besides, if Tob didn\u8217\'92t want the boy to have \u8216\'91em, then they wouldn\u8217\'92t have been there for him to take.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes and walked off. Seb was more than she could bear. Unfortunately, the little exchange had gotten Seb up and moving, and Mandri knew enough about the man to know that that once that happened, shooing him away would be a task.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know thems only rocks, right?\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked down in his lap and pulled one of the lucky stones out. It was quite striking, for a stone. It was a smooth pebble, half beige, probably sandstone, and half chalk-white. How such a rock had come to be formed was a complete mystery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ordinarily I would agree that they\u8217\'92re only rocks,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92ve cheated death about ten times in the past four days, so I\u8217\'92m starting to think that luck is quite real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not luck,\u8221\'94 Seb spat. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as luck. The only reason why anything happens is \u8216\'91cause it happens.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem certain about that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spat a wad of the thick goo into the sand. He was chewing now with his lips pursed, like he was angry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you cheated death, but I tell you now, there\u8217\'92s no such thing as cheatin\u8217\'92 death, \u8216\'91cause everyone\u8217\'92s cheatin\u8217\'92 death every moment of their lives. Shit, since we been talkin you breathed \u8216\'91bout twenty times\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s twenty deaths you just put off, but I don\u8217\'92t see you thankin\u8217\'92 luck for the miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breathing is not a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell that to folks that can\u8217\'92t breathe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded thoughtfully and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you have me there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friend of mine once died when he was sleepin\u8217\'92. Wasp flew straight in his open mouth and stung him in the dangly bit. Thing swole up the size of my nuts\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An it could happen to you. Could happen any given moment, but I don\u8217\'92t see you prostratin\u8217\'92 yourself every second, thankin\u8217\'92 luck it\u8217\'92s keeps the damn wasps from gummin\u8217\'92 up your throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in case it\u8217\'92s necessary, I will.\u8221\'94 Mandri opened his arms to the setting sun and said, \u8220\'93I thank whoever is responsible for keeping the wasps off me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb snorted and smirked. He appreciated the display.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s special,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Everybody is who they are and that\u8217\'92s all they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t disagree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t matter if you did. The gods are playin\u8217\'92 a game an that\u8217\'92s all there is to it. It }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 feels}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like you move and do stuff, but you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know about all that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you don\u8217\'92t know, that\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 you. An you best listen or you\u8217\'92ll miss it. Believe me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you catch sight of it, an\u8217\'92 your whole life will change forever. You just got to remember that just \u8216\'91cause you can\u8217\'92t see it, that don\u8217\'92t mean it\u8217\'92s not there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, what are we talking about? What is \u8216\'91it\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91It\u8217\'92 is the hand of Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, flippantly. \u8220\'93The last time I heard someone talk about Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand, it was from a priest on trial for theft.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A priest for theft? Priests don\u8217\'92t steal. What did he steal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He stole the legs of the Lybion martyrs from the temple of Jeetz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bullshit. Those legs are as watched as the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, yeah, they eventually caught him and put him on trial. And you know what he said in his defense? He said the hand of Solraheen directed him. He said if Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t want him to have such sacred relics, then Solraheen wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed the theft to occur in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he were right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The judge said that if Solraheen wanted that priest to keep his head, the Solraheen wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed the man to be caught.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb nodded without a hint of wit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it is,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri chuckled and Seb sat down next to him. They both sat there, staring at the mound of bodies, Seb in wistful repose, Mandri leaning away, trying not to suffocate from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smell. Not only did he smell, the man was plumb ugly, and still as dirty as when that Hrkan soldier had pulled him out of the sand. He seemed as comfortable in that skin as dog who\u8217\'92d been rolling around in mud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That demon woman you said you saw, what\u8217\'92d she look like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said not to talk about her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now come on, what\u8217\'92d she look like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That all?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She had a large nose. And her teeth were whiter than salt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was skinny?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know her name if you want it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She told you her name?\u8221\'94 Seb asked in wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said it was Pell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound of the name, Pell, stirred Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face into a confused spate of expressions that Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t quite place. It was almost like Seb was jealous and was trying to tamp it down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say it again?\u8221\'94 asked Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said her name was Pell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon hearing this confirmation, Seb settled himself down and tried to act normal, which for him meant spitting out his spine and pulling a new one out of his sleeve. He twiddled it, then put it back in his pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An where did you see her?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This was right before you people found me. I was sitting on my farm outside of Meskalim.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An what\u8217\'92d you talk about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t really paying attention. She wanted to know if I still had my uglies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked down to Mandri\u8217\'92s groin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ain\u8217\'92t got your uglies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you bunched up with Pell, and here you are, still breathin\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what \u8216\'91bunched up\u8217\'92 means, but yes, I\u8217\'92ve been trying to tell you this, I\u8217\'92ve been lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you don\u8217\'92t get it. You ain\u8217\'92t just lucky. Pell ain\u8217\'92t no demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I saw her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You saw shit. An you don\u8217\'92t know shit. You been out here, whinin\u8217\'92 about this an\u8217\'92 that and all the big stuff that ain\u8217\'92t killed you, but let me tell you what\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those words you had with that woman on that farm were the biggest words of your life. An you don\u8217\'92t even know it. You don\u8217\'92t even remember them. You think you can see what\u8217\'92s goin\u8217\'92 on but I can tell you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you can\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  shit.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then enlighten me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I shouldn\u8217\'92t. Pell an our Elrahet, they\u8217\'92re like sisters, an there ain\u8217\'92t no hate like the hate sisters can get for eachother. Damn, I warned you. You really shoulda kept it all to yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pell and Elrahet know each other?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I were you, I wouldn\u8217\'92t pull that thread.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 just}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  say, huh?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shook his head in disbelief, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 and he stood up, brushed off his ass, as if that would do anything to wipe away the absolute filth that covered him. He said, \u8220\'93I been lookin\u8217\'92 for the Mazid\u8217\'92s body all day, an\u8217\'92 now that your free, you\u8217\'92re gonna help me find it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because that\u8217\'92s what Ayram told me to do, an\u8217\'92 now that\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to do. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s test your luck, maybe you find him afore me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb and Mandri spent the next hand and a half looking Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body. They had no luck until Mandri got tired of it and decided to apply himself. He realized that if he\u8217\'92d been thrown clear of the destruction, the Obo probably had as well. From there they checked around where Mandri landed, and sure enough, there was Obo, still swaddled in black, his head and shoulders buried in the sand like he were an arrow loosed from a heavenly bow. Seb didn\u8217\'92t want to touch Obo, so Mandri pulled him out alone, though this didn\u8217\'92t require much effort. Mandri found himself hoping that he\u8217\'92d feel Obo wiggle back to life once shaken, but no, he was as lifeless as any of the other bodies, and nearly weightless in comparison. And his skin was much paler, even by Obo\u8217\'92s standards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s urging, Mandri carried the little torso of a Mazid back to the makeshift camp in the middle of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s rubble, for that is where Ayram sat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The giant had his broad back turned, uncovered, and he was sitting on wooden stool that had been scrounged up from wreckage. The witch Elrahet was checking this incredible wall of flesh for wounds. The stool squeaked and groaned every time Ayram shifted his weight, but the man himself was perfectly silent as the old witch sewed up a thin gash that wrapped around his side. As she worked, she washed away the dust from his skin with a wet rag. His was a tightly sculpted body, skinny and strong, as much animal as human. Each time Ayram lifted his arm to give Elrahet clearance to scrub, the striations in his shoulders popped and his shoulder blade melted into a pool of rippling muscle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you soilbucket!\u8221\'94 the giant shouted when he noticed Seb approaching. \u8220\'93Did you find it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb ducked under the words with a reverent bow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I did never do what I said I was gonna do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But there\u8217\'92s a thing you should know about Mandri here. About what kind of things he been up to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for it,\u8221\'94 Elrahet snapped as she tried against sense to brush her wet cloth free of the dirt it was building up. Recent events had worked her up into a tizzy, more than usual. She snapped at Mandri, who still carried Obo, and said, \u8220\'93Put it next to the other one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Laying on the ground nearby was the Mazidariga child, dead. Mandri laid Obo down next to it. Both were swaddled in black, with only their faces were open to the air. They looked oddly like siblings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they had the same skin, that same white pallor. Obo was the bigger of the two, or he would have been if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been drawn and quartered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri saw Pell the day afore he found us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gut dropped like a stone as all eyes turn to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did he?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked, glaring over his shoulder. He then swiveled around in his stool to face the news. His bread-loaf beard was greased in blood, almost looked like he\u8217\'92d been drinking it, and he leaned forward, elbows on knees, and said, \u8220\'93Explain yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93Can I just say, I\u8217\'92m not personally invested in whatever\u8217\'92s going on here. I\u8217\'92m a poor farmer who likes burgeons, and somehow\u8230\'85I don\u8217\'92t know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 somehow you all found me and now we\u8217\'92re all out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb picked up the slack, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of what Mandri survived so far. Sure seem like he been touched by the hand of Pell, don\u8217\'92t he? And look what we\u8217\'92ve done\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood him up from the dead. Plus, he said Pell was askin\u8217\'92 bout his uglies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s shriven?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri opened his mouth to explain, but stopped when the old witch Elrahet intruded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you\u8217\'92re a farmer?\u8221\'94 she asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, yeah. Legumes, mostly. I turned to barley more recently, because, you know, everyone needs bread, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All three of the Ayramun regarded him with suspicion. Elrahet most of all. She stepped right up to him, stared him down, and her brown, glinting eyes worked him over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should have known,\u8221\'94 she declared after sniffing him. \u8220\'93I can smell the Black on you. I put it off \u8216\'91cause who doesn\u8217\'92t smell like Black these days, but you, it comes on strong, like you\u8217\'92ve been swimming in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do with him?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram caught Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ogling eye and said, \u8220\'93Are you evil, boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was quick to say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not any more or less than any other man. I like to think that I\u8217\'92m a good person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried his best to sound confident, but knew he should have been even more assertive. Seb was standing there grinning, like a thief watching his rival get caught.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he tainted?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked his witch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet answered ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not at risk of sprouting scales.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She then tossed her wet rag to Ayram, picked up her short cane, and began to pace around in a little circle. As she walked she scuffed the dirt with the toes of her sandals, kicking puffs of sand out in front of her. Eventually she declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bitch is as powerless as we are, but time turns in her favor. She\u8217\'92s got Schisol\u8217\'92s idiots stirring, and if she\u8217\'92s haunting stoops in Meskalem, that means she\u8217\'92s working up to something big.\u8221\'94 When she stopped she stabbed her can into the sand and declared, \u8220\'93We have to keep trying. As for the boy, we could use another pair of hands. He won\u8217\'92t fight us. He smells of Black, but he doesn\u8217\'92t have the stomach for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Course he doesn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93I coulda told you that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So could I,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, but no one appreciated this clumsy stab at meekness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram sighed and his shoulders slumped. He sat like that for a whole half a finger, then he slapped his knees and he was back to his old giant-poised self. He stood up, twisted back and forth to test the stitchwork that riddled his side, and when this sent a thin stream of blood dribbling down his ribs, he ripped a long, thin strip of wool from a white Hrkan cloak and bandaged himself up. While he was tying the knot, he pointed with his chin towards twin Mazidish corpses, Obo and the Riga.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s do it then,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet grunted, then waddled over to the corpses and shooed Seb and Mandri away. She then straightened the bodies out so that they lay flat on their backs, bellies even, and she knelt in between their heads, making sure the skirt of her robe folded nicely to make a pillow for her creaky knees. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From nowhere, a golden blade flashed in her hands, shining bright in the light of the sun. The sight of it turned Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, for he\u8217\'92d seen one like it slit his ox\u8217\'92s throat. In fact, if his memory was good, the two blades were exactly alike. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell and Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Elrahet hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet sprouted fangs, and she didn\u8217\'92t fly around as if possessed by the wind, there was that same devilish air about her voice. It hadn\u8217\'92t been there before, or perhaps Mandri hadn\u8217\'92t noticed it until now, whichever it was, he knew it was there because the hairs on his forearms stood on end and his pink bottom lip quivered in fright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head craned towards the sky, and the speech that ushered from her throat was so polluted with guttural urks that Mandri wondered if they were even words. Not even the croaks of vomiting toads sounded so much like gibberish. Mandri watched astonished as the witch\u8217\'92s words pulled a shimmering, red smoke from out of her throat. This smoke wisped and curled like smoke from a candle\u8217\'92s flame, and they followed the direction of her words as if buffeted by them, and they seemed to settle around the tip of her golden blade. When the blade was red and misty, Elrahet slammed it down into Riga child\u8217\'92s belly, burying it up to the hilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Riga child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked open and bulged as if trying to escape its skull, one red eye twisting left, the other twisting right. Mandri wondered if its brain might be exploding, then Riga\u8217\'92s whole body juddered, its legs spasmed, kicking off its swaddling robes. Elrahet pushed down on the Riga\u8217\'92s hips with her free hand to steady the creature, and when the jerking finally settled down, Elrahet ripped the blade from the stomach, bent over the wound, then set her lips upon it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every fiber of Mandri being wanted to look away from this unholy picture, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 such is the allure of dark and twisted things. The Riga wasn\u8217\'92t human, but it looked enough like an innocent child that Mandri hated himself for doing nothing to stop it. When the witch slurped up blood from the hole in the Riga\u8217\'92s belly, Mandri nearly fainted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet then pulled her head away from the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse, mouth shut tight, withered lips painted red, and she swung around to kiss the lips of Obo. But of course, it was more crude than that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she squeezed Obo\u8217\'92s jaw open, and spit the contents of her mouth into Obo\u8217\'92s throat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 mostly blood and chunks of viscera, but along with it came a formless gray light, the same light that Mandri had seen zip out of Obo\u8217\'92s body back in Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet shut Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw, clenched it tight with her leathery palm, and set to whispering that guttural language into Obo\u8217\'92s ear. When she was finished with her spell, she set her ear to Obo\u8217\'92s heart, closed her eyes, and listened. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A stillness settled over those gathered as they waited for something magical to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fetch Purl!\u8221\'94 Elrahet shouted. \u8220\'93Quick!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri winced when Ayram barked the name with a force that could shake the leaves off a tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93PURL!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A heartbeat later, and Purl came running into the clearing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Purl asked, but she took one look at Elrahet hovering over Obo and understood. \u8220\'93Already!?\u8221\'94 she cried. \u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d you start without me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet pointed to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest and said, \u8220\'93Wake it up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl hurried over and knelt next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body. She took a deep breath to compose herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze your hand,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, and she held up her own bony, claw of a hand to demonstrate. She seemed to be clutching some invisible stone, and was pumping it. Purl raised her hand and did the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your other hand!\u8221\'94 Elrahet sneered, \u8220\'93Work its heart!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dumb, only flustered. She held up her handless arm and focused. Since the older witch had pulled a red mist out of her mouth, Mandri was inclined to believe that it was possible Purl could still move here dainty, severed hand that was stuck inside Obo\u8217\'92s chest. And what a hollow slug of a muscle Obo\u8217\'92s heart must be, with a tangle of veins and arteries floating around in some viscous pale goo. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl strained with the effort. Sweat beaded on her brow. Her breathing was tense but controlled. She was squeezing with all her invisible might.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Obo opened his eyes, Elrahet sent a shriek of thanks to the heavens. Purl sat back into her heels and breathed a sigh of relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram picked up his iron spear and spiked it down right next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear. He bent down and said to the bleary-eyed Mazid, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The giant then picked Obo up and propped him up against a rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s was recovering with startling speed. He glanced around, took in Ayram\u8217\'92s blood spattered visage, saw the black rubble of Minting Rock around him, squinted at the pile bodies, and through it all he remained aloof. When he saw Mandri he smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo then said to Ayram, in his usual haughty way, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve won the battle. The urge to gloat must be fierce.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram ignored Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jeer and said, \u8220\'93Purl\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 make it do something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram crossed his arms and adopted a thoughtful pose. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make it hiss like a lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl, still kneeling, recomposed herself. She sent her command to Obo through a locked jaw. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hiss,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Like a lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead of hissing, Obo simply said the word, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hissss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you make him do that?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned to Obo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she make you do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo, smiling, replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not sure how to answer that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer with the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The truth is that if the girl didn\u8217\'92t tell me to hiss like a lizard, I never would have said hiss. So in a manner of speaking, yes, she did make me do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet grumbled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak plainly,\u8221\'94 Ayram commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girl\u8217\'92s command was not sufficient cause to compel me to speak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned back towards Purl. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make him do something by thinking it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What should I make him do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The point is that he can\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  what you want him to do. Make him do something.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was beginning to doubt his earlier estimation of Purl\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she might be dumb. He watched as she took a deep breath and whistled it out through pursed lips. She could, at least, compose herself under pressure. She also possessed an unseen strength, for as she dipped into some altered state, eyes rolling back, lips mumbling, and suddenly there was a north-easterly breeze which was not there before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl reached out with her handless arm, and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald head twitched, and as his shoulders crimped, a faint golden glow began to shine through the skin of his throat. He opened his mouth towards the heavens, and Mandri expected to see a blast of Mazidfire issue forth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone did\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but that was it. Soon the wind was dead and Purl was was back inside her own skin with nothing to show for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must admit, you almost had me there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good enough for now,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you won\u8217\'92t believe me, but you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  believe me when I tell you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she never will control me. Even if she could, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still the issue of the Mazidariga. As you have seen, one whistle from a Riga and I go as limp as a noodle, Minder or no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been crouching nearby like a sandrat waiting for someone to drop a crumb of bread, piped up and said, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a good point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram silenced Seb with a sideways glance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many Mazidariga are there?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Obo answered. \u8220\'93But there is a peaceable solution to this particular problem which, if you considered it, I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92d find agreeable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before we get to the Mazidariga, I need to know what it is you want me to do. Do you want me to drive Hrk\u8217\'92s armies into the sea? Lay waste to every Hrkan temple? Kill the Hrkan Lords?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no use in telling him,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was quick to counter her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s true,\u8221\'94 he said enthusiastically. \u8220\'93I am good at scheming. In fact, next to killing people, that is literally what I was made to do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am built to find solutions to difficult problems. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t trust the creature,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet brusquely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t need to,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Either it says something sensible, or we ignore it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram towered over Obo and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you what I want you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to smuggle you into Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That will be difficult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to smuggle you into the caves }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 underneath}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Jeket.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is will be\u8230\'85near impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When we reach the caves, we\u8217\'92re going to march our way into Solraheen\u8217\'92s chamber, and you\u8217\'92re going to use your Mazidfire to free him from the stone of Fabled Black.\u8221\'94 Ayram\u8217\'92s voice was cold and direct, as if he hadn\u8217\'92t just said he wanted upset the order of creation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, is there some Hrkan Lord whose taken to calling himself Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is only the one Solraheen,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo looked deeply into Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, as if to gauge the man\u8217\'92s sobriety. He looked to each of the Ayramun and they were each as firm as their leader. Mandri shared an alarmed glance with Obo, for what Ayram was saying was absurd. It was beyond absurd, it was blasphemous. It was Evil. It was Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t be serious,\u8221\'94 said Obo, stealing the words right out of Mandri\u8217\'92s mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram leaned on his iron rod and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am quite serious. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  are going to kill Solraheen.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? I only ask because killing Solraheen might be counterproductive to your desired ends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this!\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, louder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why risk your life for a symbolic victory?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would not be symbolic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram was unmoved. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you think of a way to elude these Riga children and get you down into the caves under Jeket?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before I get to that, please, stop and consider\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is the one thing the Hrkan Lords are scared of?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazidai?\u8221\'94 Elrahet said sarcastically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another reason for my existence is to manage that one thing that checks Hrkan power\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrkan people. You may think that I was made to terrorize you, but the Lords don\u8217\'92t care about the outland tribes. You\u8217\'92re tangential. In fact, they\u8217\'92ve sympathy for you if you can believe it. The Lords are the only thing holding the common folk from running roughshod over what arable lands you people have left. And you know how they accomplish that? Through an established order that has been built upon respect for Solraheen\u8217\'92s sacrifice. If you try to free Him, and fail, I very much doubt the Lords would be able contain the frenzy that follows. There is no more destructive force in all the world than a people of righteous fury. You\u8217\'92ll be the cause of your own doom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram chuckled and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what the Hrkan people are capable of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why agitate them?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. The force of his argument was working an energy into him. If his arms were able to move underneath his swaddling robe, they would have been shouted. \u8220\'93If you want Hrk to fall cleanly, you have to be more precise. You needn\u8217\'92t but kill a few choice men and women, the ones keeping the deeper corruption in check\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as well as a few others who bridge the natural divisions within the nation. Apply some pressure to the right places, and it will fall apart like a house of cards. It might take some time, but believe me, Hrk hates itself more than it hates you. The easiest way to conquer a nation is to simply get them to no longer want to be a nation. It\u8217\'92s not as dramatic a fall, but I\u8217\'92d wager all the world it is more effective.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You speak as if you have experience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you think Hrk took down the Old Jandri kingdoms? It wasn\u8217\'92t Mazidfire, not really. Disagreement is a natural impulse for your kind. If you prey on that, it spirals into a cycle of death that feeds itself as soon as first blood is drawn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The thing you haven\u8217\'92t considered,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, \u8220\'93Is that I don\u8217\'92t care about Hrk. I don\u8217\'92t even care about the outland tribes. What I do care about, is freeing Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo squinted in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could it be, that undoing Solraheen\u8217\'92s sacrifice is a more radical means than is necessary? If you tell me your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  desired ends, I might be able to find a more practical route.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My desired end is Solraheen\u8217\'92s freedom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why use me? Why not sneak in there yourselves and chisel away the Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve tried that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 what}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ? When?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram laughed and so did his kin and they were all supremely pleased to know something Obo didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo recovered by saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you so certain that my Mazidfire will cut through Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Still, I wish to try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright!\u8221\'94 said Obo, relenting. \u8220\'93Fine. But you shouldn\u8217\'92t have told me. I\u8217\'92m going to do everything in my limited power to prevent you from achieving your goal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was squirming inside his black swaddling robe. If this disgust was a performance, and Mandri suspected it was, it was a convincing one. It had Elrahet deeply annoyed that Ayram was entertaining him at all. Ayram shrugged off her grunts, and he said to Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not worried about what you want. I just want to know how to avoid the Mazidariga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you should care about what I want,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93Because your choice of Purl as Minder was a poor one. You should have gone with yourself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you might be a capable Minder, but then again, that\u8217\'92s only a \u8216\'91might be\u8217\'92, and I suppose you don\u8217\'92t want to lose your hand for no good reason\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it would even fit in my chest. The only other option would be the witch here, Elrahet. I\u8217\'92m actually quite certain she\u8217\'92d be able to do it. I don\u8217\'92t understand why you didn\u8217\'92t use her in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She needs her hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In that case, it\u8217\'92s either hope Purl magically develops some resolve, or, and this was always possible, treat with me. If you give me something which overwhelms my allegiance to Solraheen, I would betray Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you want?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I want is something that elegantly solves the problem of the Mazidariga, and that\u8217\'92s why I know this is the option you\u8217\'92ll choose, because an elegant solution demands implementation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get on with it,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One distant whistle and the Mazidariga sucks the dim Spark from my body, rendering me inert. It\u8217\'92s safe to assume Jeket is crawling with Mazidariga, so even if you could control me, the Riga will discover me long before we reach Solraheen\u8217\'92s chamber. But if you give me what I want, none of this will be a problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said get on with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want my freedom. I want my own bright, willful Spark. I want to be sustained by me and me alone. If I had my own shard of the divine, then it stands to reason that I would be freed from the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s hunt, and I would be freed from a Minder\u8217\'92s influence. In return for this grand gesture, I would do anything you wish, even if it went against my own baser instinct. I would kill Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stroked his beard, unbothered by the fact it bloodied his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I get you a Spark?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you not give me this will-less Spark that I have now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was your own,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93I merely retrieved it from the Riga\u8217\'92s body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Mandri? I was awake in the cave when you breathed a Spark into his body. I did not believe such a thing was possible, yet there he is. If you could infuse Mandri\u8217\'92s corpse with a Spark which was not his own, then do the same for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram eyed Elrahet and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can this be done?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazid is a construction,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93It is a kind of creature for which no true Spark exists. Giving him one would require an act of divine creation, and that is a power known only to the gods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, if it can\u8217\'92t be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet growled, and her hands twisted tight on her staff and she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not say it could not be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears pricked up. The old woman seemed to grow a foot in Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes as she loomed over Obo\u8217\'92s diminutive form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, creature, if I grant you a Spark, what would stop you from killing us? What would stop you from going back on your word?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 Obo admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet turned again to Ayram. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see? We can\u8217\'92t trust the creature. We\u8217\'92re better off stumbling blind into a nest of battles.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand your concern,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Solraheen gave humanity a Spark, and now you set out to repay that kindness by killing Him. You\u8217\'92re worried I\u8217\'92ll get the same idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why wouldn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 Elrahet spat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you say, we are different creatures. Don\u8217\'92t project your own failings onto me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet snarled and Ayram laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Worry not,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93Damned will be the day that I trust the Mazid to honor words. We\u8217\'92ll make do without his wisdom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is one other option,\u8221\'94 Obo blurted out. \u8220\'93I held it back because it\u8217\'92s not as elegant a solution as the first. Actually, this solution was in your grasp just now, but true to form, you\u8217\'92ve managed to squander the opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know this for certain, but I assume that when the Mazidariga whistled the will-less Spark out of my body, I became, in a sense, invisible to it. Presumably, you could capture a Riga }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 after}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it has disabled me, then you could walk right into Jeket with my corpse unmolested. Then, standing before Solraheen, you could reanimate me as you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve done just now, then carry on with your wanton act of deicide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stood up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a finger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are you saying that we could have\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram waved Seb off and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92d have to keep the Riga alive. We\u8217\'92d have to carry it all the way to Jeket. We\u8217\'92d be trading smuggling you for smuggling a Riga child. It\u8217\'92s one problem for another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suspect,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93That the Mazidariga are not capable of tracking each other the way they can track us Mazidai. And I\u8217\'92m not certain of it, but it stands to reason that they cannot track my will-less spark if I do not possess it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spoke up again. By now he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d almost reached the conversation. \u8220\'93So we could have walked right into the Jeket if we hadn\u8217\'92t just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram cut Seb short a third time, and the grim look on his face told Seb that if he had to shut him up a fourth time, it would come at a cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo answered Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question anyways. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, if you had waited to revive me, you could have walked straight to Jeket without a worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no matter,\u8221\'94 Ayram grunted. \u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92ve captured a Riga once, we can do it again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo tilted his head as if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite heard right. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not confident that you can afford another Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t think we could afford the first one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a fair point. But even if you have a small army of Ayramun stashed away for a rainy day, that still won\u8217\'92t be enough to stand up to what\u8217\'92s coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen the Sand swallow armies before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So we\u8217\'92re walking out into the Sand, now?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. \u8220\'93I thought we were headed to Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jeket by way of the Sand,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we should get started, because Hrk will find this place, see what you\u8217\'92ve done, and I can only hope that we\u8217\'92re far away by then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram wiped small circle of sand flat with his booted foot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How far out are they?\u8221\'94 he asked Obo. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s three days march from the outpost at Shahiz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shahiz\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram mumbled as he drew a crude map of southwest Jandri in the dirt with his spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once the Hrks discover that I am still on the loose, and that the Riga they sent is dead, the troops at Shahiz will be the least of your worries. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long will it take for them to figure that out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For all I know, they already know. But once they do figure it out, every Hrkan captain from here to the eastern sea will be stirring. You\u8217\'92ve kicked the largest ant hill this world has ever seen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram finished drawing the map of Jandri and began to pace around it. If Mandri felt he was allowed to speak he would have offered to make it a little more presentable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is the nearest Hrkan outpost to Luqr?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a garrison in Luqr itself,\u8221\'94 Obo answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since when?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last summer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, and he paused to challenge Obo with a glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not lying,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram held Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze for a moment, but eventually accepted the news and added a dot and an arrow to his map. Elrahet walked right through it on her way towards Ayram. By now she was a bottled up old bag of frustration. She said through clenched teeth, \u8220\'93I thought you said you wouldn\u8217\'92t trust its word.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93There }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a garrison in Luqr, I was only seeing if it would lie about it. But we can make it to the bones of Bullr before the Hrkans get to us. It will be close, so we have to leave so.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was unimpressed. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Bullr basin is surrounded by Hrkan cities. There will be no way out if you wander in there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grinned under his bloody bush of a beard and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This may surprise you, Mazid, but the world is full of forces beyond your comprehension.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I consider you among them.\u8221\'94}}