{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrkan world is built upon a complex system of laws, and these laws conform to a simple list of principles, and the first principle states that there no being greater than Solraheen. For all the earthly power the Hrkan Lords wield, they remain subordinate to Him, and as such, any work of art which depicts a Hrkan Lord must, by law, incorporate some symbol of Solraheen, and this symbol must be placed somewhere higher than the Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white-winged crown. In a painting, this symbol usually this takes the form of the natural sun sitting in the sky or peeking through a window. A statue will often include a sunrose just above the back of the head. Punishment for breaking this law is death for the offending artist, but like most laws in the Hrkan world, there are exceptions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If a Hrkan Lord wins a great battle then he is allowed to depict this event without regard to Solraheen. This is allowed is because the conquering hero genre existed in the time when Solraheen still walked the earth, and most of these hero-worship icons contained no reference at all to Solraheen. It was thought that if Solraheen allowed it back then, then it must be righteous in His eyes, and so it must be allowed forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why Solraheen approved of this apparent effrontery is an issue of debate. The leading Solitant view is that Solraheen afforded the Lords this privilege so as to harness their natural pride. He wanted them willing and eager to go out and expand the borders of His earthly kingdom. When a Hrkan Lord conquered a barbarian tribe, he won more than land and wealth, he won the right to place himself at the very apex of all creation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if only for one single artwork. It may seem heretical, but if Solraheen Himself approved of it, then by definition it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An alternative theory is that the genre of the conquering hero, in its original form, was not meant to}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 heighten the pride of the conqueror, it was meant to instill fear in the poor and miserable wretches who were conquered. Solraheen, being a loving god, did not want to be associated with this misery, so he allowed the Lords to forgo the traditional sign of respect so that when the dispossessed looked up the statued Lords from a foreign land, they did not see the sign of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The relief of Arnaggu is, perhaps, the surest testament to this theory.  Arnaggu is the oldest conquering hero, the first Hrkan Lord, and in some ancient age his image was carved into the flat face of a massive granite monadnock that towers above the Forni plain. It is a terrifying piece. The relief itself sits four-hundred feet off the ground, and the battle it depicts stretches all the way across the shaven granite, some six-hundred feet wide. At the bottom of this image is a horde of Old Jandri tribesmen, limbs splayed out like flattened lizards, faces fixed in silent screams as they are crushed under the sandals of Arnaggu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, an army which can only be described as a tidal wave of men. Arnaggu himself is ten times as large as any other. He stands at the apex of the piece, wading through the carnage, and his upper torso and head are the only parts of the relief carved fully in the round, such that Arnaggu seems to be stepping out of the rock, as if he is rising to the challenge of any would-be usurpers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen saw this relief when he was sixteen. To him it was obvious that the intention of the piece was to quell thoughts of rebellion in the people of the Forni. And despite that prickling sense of awe stippling Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin, he was wholly unimpressed with the work. He saw past all of its tricks, the over-reliance on scale\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 make something big enough and a person standing next to it is bound to feel small, and here Arnaggu had taken a shortcut to scale by carving his image into a mountain, and so the viewer is forced to contend with not just the relief but the entirety of the rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had seen Hrkan Lords and Hrkan Princes in the flesh. These were no great leaders of men. Few were much bigger than Mandri himself. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d painted their portraits, these distant relations of the great Arnaggu, and he painted them three times the size of the real thing, so he\u8217\'92d gotten a good look. He painted them into battles they\u8217\'92d never been in, he gave them victories they\u8217\'92d never won, and these scenes were just like the one carved into that mountain; there stands the Hrkan Lord, glowering over the melee, trampling enemies underfoot as he marches at the head of an army ten-thousand strong. Most of the painting is carried out by lesser hands in training, even still, the image is so vivid, so real, that no one ever disputes the facts presented on the canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all an illusion. In the flesh, these men and boys were as risible as the fools that entertained them. If these were the descendants of Arnaggu, then no doubt Arnaggu himself was merely human. No doubt he was small, perhaps frail, and perhaps he kept himself teetering on the edge of drunkenness like the rest of his distant kin, and like the rest, he\u8217\'92d be blinded even in his sober moments by his own power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Not even the great relief of Arnaggu could convince Mandri of the existence of the conquering hero. H believed that they were all merely fictions carefully crafted to preserve the pyramid of power, and that the truth was that no human being was fit to rule over any other. This Mandri believed, until, at last, he saw Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was sitting cross-legged in the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pit cave, taking in the sun, still recovering from being dead, when all the chattering Ayramun went silent. Some hidden signal had passed between them, and these sand-dusted, black-hooded, desert-beaten men and women turned their attention to the darkness of the deeper cave. There, out of the shadows, came Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Giant is the word that sprang to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. Many men get called giants. A man is a whisker bigger than the rest and he gets called a giant. Ayram was, by far, the tallest man Mandri had ever seen. He looked like Arnaggu himself stepping out from that rock relief, and like Arnaggu, Ayram\u8217\'92s stern countenance seemed carved from stone. His hair was wrapped up in a red headscarf, and his beady eyes were tucked under thick, mothy brows. His long, gaunt face was sunk into a round, black, bread loaf of a beard, an Old Jandri style of beard called an Unky beard, named after the warrior poet, who was himself named after a mountain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment Ayram stepped out of the cave and into the sun, Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm-hair stood on end, and a weight seemed to press down on his shoulders. He had to put conscious effort into breathing, and his armpits began to sweat. He sweat so profusely that a little trickle dripped down his ribs, and he had to tuck his arms in tight to squelch the tickle. His body was heating up as if he\u8217\'92d just swallowed a bad burgeon. He couldn\u8217\'92t believe that this was all because of the mere presence of man. Perhaps this too was simply a matter of scale. Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t five-men-tall like Arnaggu, but he was nearly as tall as two whole Mandrameens. A true giant. And the way he moved, his long legs swaddled in thin and faded black wool, swinging in a loping gait, it wasn\u8217\'92t the same as a normal human being. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the human head sprouting out of that mass of black robes, Mandri would have thought that Ayram was a demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram commanded respect without coercion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or rather, his mere presence was coercion enough. Ayram was a conquering hero in the the fashion of old, and true to the form, he carried under his arm the body of a conquered wretch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a wretch was none other than the pale and misshapen Mazid Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Set against Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bronzed skin, black robes, and giant frame, Obo was so pale and so small that he looked like a wriggling fish. Ayram tossed Obo into the sunny sand in the center of the pit, and the rest of the Ayramun formed a distant ring around him, all staring at Obo like a pack of trained dogs waiting for their master to divide the meal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Ayram spoke. His voice was exactly what Mandri was expecting: low and sonorous, as if his source of speech was hid deep inside the cavern that was his chest and was half an echo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri thought this word was some obscure Old Jandri expression. He realized it was a name when, out of the dark cave, an old woman came shuffling up to Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side. She woman was clouded in a mass of ruffled up black tatters, and she kept her shawled head downcast in deference. With her spine bowed as it was, her head couldn\u8217\'92t clear Ayram\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, my lord?\u8221\'94 she croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go fetch Purl,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But, my lord...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram clicked his tongue in annoyance. The old woman grumbled, then shuffled back into the tunnel from which she had just come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All eyes returned to the Mazid kneeling in the sun, a Mazid who seemed oddly at ease in the ire of his captors. He regarded none of them. He knelt there in the sand, silent as if in prayer. , and yet the air was somehow loud with the alert and hyperaware of the moment they were in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram looked Mazid Obo up and down, then declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know they were so damn ugly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few belly quaking chortles sounded out, most of them coming from Tob, who was pleased to see a Mazid so down on its luck. But if Obo was sunk in despair, he did not show it. Not that he was showing any resilience either. He was simply there, like Ayram said, an }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Only this thing could speak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should I stand?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll stand so you all can get a better look.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words were absent all emotion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this in stark contrast to how he spoke to Mandri back down in the cave. It seemed to Mandri that Obo was putting on a show. Obo stood up and presented himself to the bandits, arms outstretched, his pale skin nearly blinding in the sun. The awkward nakedness of his unnatural body drew hearty jeers. Tob was quick to point out that this Mazid didn\u8217\'92t have an asshole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No wonder they act like their shit don\u8217\'92t stink,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s cause they don\u8217\'92t shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not unless it comes out the mouth,\u8221\'94 said another hardscraggle rascal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bet it does!\u8221\'94 Tob roared. He slapped his knee and then killed the joke by hitting it square in the face: \u8220\'93Shit comes out their mouth because they always talkin\u8217\'92 shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wild eyes turned Mandri\u8217\'92s way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a clear request for camaraderie. Mandri smiled, nodded, and thankfully that was enough because if he was compelled to join in with the jeering he might not have been able to control the spray of insults. Tob and the other Ayramun were, on the whole, deplorable people. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Though Ayram was complicit in some of this obscenity, he stood apart from them. The sheer size of the man meant he had to be weighed with different set of scales. He was so big that the standard rules of body language did not apply. When a common man crossed his arms and frowned, well, it was what it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a display of impatient contempt. When Ayram stood like that Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instincts got all muddled, , didn\u8217\'92t know how seriously to take the threat. And Ayram was standing like that now, frowning down at Mazid Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you look so pleased for?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was standing there, eyes closed, looking like he smelled something sweet. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m just happy to be here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shouldn\u8217\'92t be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Are you here to kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo inspected his blood-nubbed arms and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just the torture, then?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s black loaf of a beard cracked open to reveal a clean white smile. \u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to need the rest of your limbs. For starters, you can\u8217\'92t kneel to your new Lord if you don\u8217\'92t have knees.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the Ayramun chuckled at this . Obo was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m comfortable standing, thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram chuffed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get it twisted, creature. I won\u8217\'92t hesitate to cut things off that don\u8217\'92t agree with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I am aware.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may talk like a man, but I\u8217\'92ve got more feeling for the rock in my shoe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That there was an impatience in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s posture. He turned towards the darkness of the cave and yelled into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From somewhere inside the cave, Elrahet grumbled. Her voice was so ancient and weathered that it seemed for a moment like the cave itself was speaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m coming\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she shuffled out again into sun, she was not alone. A tall Jandri girl wrapped in a mottled, brown blanket leaned on Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stooped back, almost like the girl was trying to climb up into a saddle. The pair moved with deliberate care as the girl was clearly drugged, or drunk. Mandri leaned towards drunk because she walked with that familiar rhythmless scuffing shuffle, a clear sign of blurred instinct. She would have fallen twice-over if Elrahet was not there to steady the load. Old as Elrahet was, she possessed a sympathetic strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When this girl set her eyes on the Mazid her chin jerked up, and in so doing the sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light flooded under her cowl, revealing to all a sickly pale face, which is no small thing for a Jandri girl reddened by the sun. She was in a great deal of pain, though she tried not to show it. Her pretty face, troubled by tousled hair and a clear lack of sleep, was set in stony resolve, and she fought back a grimace with every step. Huddled up as she was under the blanket, the source of her pain was not clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grabbed the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blanketed shoulder and pulled her off of Elrahet. He shook her gently, and he called her name to bring her to attention. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Purl, look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The girl looked up at her leader with bleared amazement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93I want you to command the Mazid here. Command it to kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram let go of the girl and she, unbalanced, swayed into him. Ayram caught her, held her steady, then pointed his long arm at Obo and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl poked a hand out of her blanket and rubbed her eye and cheek. Then she took a deep breath, steadied herself, adopted a determined look, and when she was good and ready, she commanded the Mazyd to Kneel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Obo did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could you say that again?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t quite catch your meaning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl sneered and then stood up straight. With a snarl reminiscent of a young Junkite Queen, she bellowed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri thought he saw the sand shiver under the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bare feet, and he squirmed as a light brush of cool air blew over his skin. From whence that coolness came, the girl or the cave behind her, Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t tell. The way the girl stood, it seemed as if she was pulling a magic out of her feet. If it was magic, it was a poor display, for Obo did not kneel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come now,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93If you could command me, you could do it with a whisper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dismissive tone enraged the girl. She tossed off her blanket, and along with it went any sign of the dizzyness and pain which plagued her features. Oddly enough, she was dressed like she\u8217\'92d just stepped out of a Jeketian market not some desert cave; with color in her robes, yellow and cream, ornamented by large green triangles dressing the hem, and color in her brown, sun-kissed hair in the form of garnet, amber, and turquoise beads. She was an odd sight amongst the boring, brown wool of the Ayramun, and Mandri especially appreciated with how the frillyness of it butted against the pained fury in her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She held out her left arm, and there her hand, much like Mazid Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, was missing, recently severed off. The resulting nub was poulticed and bandaged tight, though without much care, as strands of wet and green leafy weeds dangled out of it. She aimed this weedy thing at the Mazid as if it were a weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93KNEEL!\u8221\'94 she screamed, and her shout shook Mandri\u8217\'92s heart in its calloused cage. The word rattled the pit\u8217\'92s walls and then rebounded into the tunnel behind her, echoing into unseen corridors, and every dead end sent faint rejoinders back out. And that this powerful shout had come from such a frail and ailing girl was the least incredible thing, for the air between the girl and the Mazid was alive with a sprinkling of sand as the girl\u8217\'92s very command had somehow thwacked the sandy ground like an invisible whip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders jerked downwards, pulled by an unseen tether. For a moment, it seemed as if he would kneel, but when the last echoing remnants of the Purl\u8217\'92s command faded out of the air, the tension snapped, and Obo was still standing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost!\u8221\'94 said Obo, clearly surprised by the effort, an effort which had sapped Purl of her strength. She wobbled then collapsed to her knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93is that what you wanted me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This ridiculing remark was so brazen that Mandri had to stifle a snicker. The Ayramun weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as impressed. The old woman, Elrahet, hissed at the Mazid and rushed to console the defeated girl. Ayram let loose a growl of a sigh, then strolled over to Obo and towered over the creature. With his hands on hips he looked like an annoyed and bewildered parent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94 he asked Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo, for his part, was perfectly relaxed. He stood defiantly, naked and without shame, and he met Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye with the same blank, serious stare he always had. And for all Mandri\u8217\'92s time spent training in the art of subtle expression, he couldn\u8217\'92t place that look. It was either a look of extreme apathy, or enlightened contentment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not kneeling because I don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you are bound to the girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you say so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is your Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She can\u8217\'92t control you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a brief silence in which the two being studied eachother, Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was that a rhetorical question?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If the girl can\u8217\'92t control you, yhy haven\u8217\'92t you split me in half with Mazydfire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not controlled by my Minder\u8217\'92s will, I am bounded by it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you like me to explain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You bound me to a new Minder, one of your own, but contrary to popular belief, the relationship between a Minder and their Mazid is not one of master and slave. A Minder cannot command me to do anything, they can only stop me from doing something they don\u8217\'92t want me to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to do something, and stopping you from doing something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Generally speaking, to command is to direct, to stop is to interfere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to kneel, and stopping you from standing? There is no difference. Kneel, or stop standing, I don\u8217\'92t care which, just do what the girl commands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There clever simplicity to Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words. It was enough to give Obo pause. A flicker of amusement flashed across Obo\u8217\'92s features.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of a Mazid as being bound by a leash to their Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Minder\u8217\'92s strength of will determines how much slack is on that leash. Hrkan Minders are trained from birth to shorten that leash to such an extent that it gives them some measure of control. Your girl, her will is enough to stop me from killing you all, but I suspect that she does not possess the strength to tighten up the leash to direct me towards some specific end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram chewing the words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone toss me a dagger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bone-handled dagger came flying into the center of the circle and buried itself in the sand near Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Ayram picked it up, and the blade seemed like a toothpick in his great hand. In fact, his hand was so wide that his pinky finger had nothing to hold on to. He held the blade up tight against the side of Obo\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said in return, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Threats of violence can no more compel me to action than a word.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram rotated the dagger that so its point was digging into the skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I can\u8217\'92t get you to do what I want, then I have no use for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I suggest you direct your attention towards the girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pushed the tip of the dagger into Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flesh. The sharp blade slid straight into the neck, and Ayram pushed it through to the hilt. Mandri could hardly believe what he was seeing. It was reminiscent of some sword-swallower, only it wasn\u8217\'92t a trick, this blade was clearly thrust through the. If it were a human\u8217\'92s neck, there\u8217\'92d be arteries or tendons severed, there\u8217\'92d be blood gushing out, but when Ayram withdrew the blade there was hardly a trickle coming out of the wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram tossed the knife away in disgust. He backed away and began to pace back and forth, rubbing his great grow, wondering aloud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl can do it,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93She only needs time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stopped his pacing and glared at the old woman, effectively shutting her up. Then he continued on again, back and forth. It was such a show of hard thinking that Mandri began to suspect that the man wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually thinking at all, that this was for his follower\u8217\'92s benefit, to get them to think he was a man in control. .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said aloud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have potential solution.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have something I want, and I have something you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A bargain, is it? A little give and take?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. A bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few chuckles rose out the Ayramun. Ayram was, after all, big enough to simply take what he wanted. Like Tob had said, everything here was his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t treat with Hrks,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not a Hrk,\u8221\'94 said Obo. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are their creature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not anymore, you saw to that. I am, more or less, beholden to you, and I would gladly kneel before you if you would only show me some kindness in return. I don\u8217\'92t ask for much, as kneeling is no great demand. We do not need to be so antagonistic towards eachother. If you give me a mouthful of water then I will kneel to you. I will grovel, if you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram thought for a moment, then he snapped his fingers at one of the unnamed Ayramun and asked for their waterskin. The skin was tossed, Ayram caught it, opened it up and took a drink. He swished it around his mouth, swallowed, and then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know you creatures needed water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93This is about demonstrating the principle. I am not asking for water so much as asking for a sign of good faith.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You first, then,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93Give us a gesture of goodwill\u8230\'85 to demonstrate the principle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo immediately got down on one knee. He then bent his head. There was no hint of irony in it, it was pure and simple obeisance. But when this was done, Ayram held the waterskin out before him and poured the rest of its contents into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most of the Ayramun laughed. Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He thought it was cruel, not necessarily because Obo didn\u8217\'92t deserve such treatment, but because the sight of that cool, crystal water being wasted on the sand brought Mandri\u8217\'92s own thirst into stark relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If was bothered by this cruelty, he did show it. When Ayram finished with this little show, Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I shall endeavor to change your mind about me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You killed at least ten of my people,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not have much of a choice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that a Minder can\u8217\'92t make you do anything, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did. But\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No no no. Stop talking. Moto, Tob, come hold it flat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob and a tall black Zozan both stood up from their seats in the outer circle and rushed over to the kneeling Mazid. They grabbed him and splayed him flat on the sand, throwing punches and elbows here and there even though Obo did not put up a fight. Then, from out no where, glint of a sword flashed in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. Mandri closed his eyes against whatever barbaric torture was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This will teach you to not run away again,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What came next was a gruesome thwacking, three strokes of steel }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sneaked a peek and saw Ayram kneeling next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, hacking Obo\u8217\'92s left leg. Obo\u8217\'92s right leg, severed, was being away by Tob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo bore this indignity with the same quiet resolve. , though he much more quiet after that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}