{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was hauled out of the pit cave on a knotted rope. Once out on the surface, he got his first real look at the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Pitted Portion. He\u8217\'92d seen paintings of it, as any time a person wants to bring the magic of the world into their home they order the standard eight-piece polyptych of the Sand\u8217\'92s Eight Portions, and when it came to the Pitted Portion, the painting was more or less the same every time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a view from high up in the western Hias looking down at landscape of barren rock dotted with large pits like the one he\u8217\'92d just been pulled out of. It was a land in which to sweep the spall of battered nations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It turns out, those paintings were lies, for laid out before Mandri was an ordinary looking desert plain, with stands of green scrub-brush battling against stands of pink-flowered browngrass, with splotches of barren rock here and there acting as a no man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s land in between these warring tribes. And so far as Mandri could see, there was only one other pit about a hundred yards away to the north. There might have been more of them, but he didn\u8217\'92t have time to find out because Tob plopped a knobby sack of stuff onto his shoulder and told him he had to carry it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walking was a difficult thing for Mandri. The heat of the afternoon sun was sweltering, and his legs were still deeply sore. His mind was the only part of him in full working order, and that was no good because a sober and alert Mandrameen was a complainer. Two gruff men walked alongside him, and one of them smelled like a festering lizard bite. The other man was Moto. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dislike of Moto was more profound, because Mandri had spent a lot of effort trying to get away from people like Moto. He\u8217\'92d tried running away to be farmer, he had tried losing himself in burgeons, he even tried dying. Yet here he was, meandering through the Pitted Portion, far enough out into the wilderness to wonder if anyone had ever stepped foot on this spot of earth before, and there was Moto, striding alongside him, a good and well-adjusted person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He belonged in a city. Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sister, Moteah, was similarly well-adjusted, but Mandri liked to watch her hips sway so he gave her a pass. In effect, there was just one person amongst the seventeen Ayramun that Mandri knew he\u8217\'92d downright hate, because Moto was a man who judged people before ever getting to know them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri could tell just by looking at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto face bore the smuggest, tight-lipped grin. And damn it, he was a handsome man, with sharp even features, a clean-shaven and chiseled jaw, goodly height, broad shoulders, bird-bright eyes looking out at the world like it was all a game, like people are toys. Even when standing still the man was dynamic. Standing still, he looked exactly like a heroic statue of Zos, a swerve of coiled strength. And his color was an exact match in shade to the color of Zos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s painted skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 two parts umber, one part Wazian blue. His garb was disgustingly fashionable, with his orange robe tucked and folded to compose a pattern of inverted triangles that accentuated the athletic V of his torso. Such considerations, set against struggle for survival out in the Sand, was rude. It was rude to look so healthy. Moto even had a sword with a gold plated hilt. Yes, it was clear that this man was well-adjusted, and in Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes, being well-adjusted was as clear a sign of derangement as is possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easy to think that the well-adjusted person puts so much effort into appearance because they care about how they are perceived. This is a misdiagnosis. A well-adjusted person doesn\u8217\'92t care what other people think of them, that\u8217\'92s what makes them well-adjusted. If a man like Moto took other people\u8217\'92s feelings into consideration, if he played up their wants and desires in his mind, how they might be judging him, well, that would lead to self-doubt, and that would lead to indecision, and sure as pure, that indecision would become a habit, leaving him perpetually anxious and uneasy. The end result\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would feel bad about looking so well off amidst such squalor. He would }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 adjust}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  himself to fit in. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d try to look miserable even if he wasn\u8217\'92t. And fickleness being what it is, \u8216\'91fitting in\u8217\'92 with other people is not a one-and-done thing, it\u8217\'92s a constant effort of adjustment and re-adjustment, so if a person has any kind of empathy at all, well, that precludes that possibility of being well-adjusted. It\u8217\'92s either that unending labor of fitting in, or pretend you\u8217\'92re above it all and run roughshod over people\u8217\'92s lives. That takes some real, purposeful ignorance to be able to do, and Mandri could tell that Moto was filled with that ignorance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again, he knew this just by looking at him. It wasn\u8217\'92t just looks, though, Moto\u8217\'92s behavior reinforced the thought. As they walked, Moto would go out of his way to step on fresh sprouts of grass. His leather sole would twist and squish the little shootlings into the ground as they tried to carve out a meager existence in between cracks of rock. A small cruelty, yes, but still a cruelty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they were walking along, Mandri lagged behind on account of his abiding weakness, and Moto dropped back with him. The two were walking side by side around bush and bramble when Mandri wondered aloud where it was they were going. Moto said that they were following the road. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer Mandri\u8217\'92s question, so he asked, \u8220\'93The road?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a simple two word request for clarification. Moto laughed at it. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t see the road?\u8221\'94 and then he laughed again. His was an arrogant laugh. It started with a twinge of annoyed disbelief and ended with a note of derision. It left a bitter aftertaste in the air between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing was, Mandri did see the road. They were walking along the gentlest raised hump of earth which snaked away into the infinite distance, a slope so slight and obscured by brush that, sure, it was easy to miss, or easy to mistake for a natural drift of dirt, but Mandri saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know about charnel roads?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knew about charnel roads but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to engage the man. He kept his eyes down and tried look like he was too miserable to talk, which was easy to do because it was true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the Bazul Road,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93The whole Sand is full of charnel roads just like this one.\u8221\'94 Moto then kicked the ground and scattered some loose stones, as if doing so made the road\u8217\'92s existence more believable. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t see it because it\u8217\'92s old and overgrown.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is\u8230\'85it is\u8230\'85So look, I\u8217\'92m going to ask you some questions, and I want you to answer them truthfully and to the best of your ability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was wondering when this moment would come. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 and was hopeful about it, because he wanted to get some information in return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Mandrameen. People call me Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said answer the question to the best of your ability. Was that the best answer you could give?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri reflexively smiled to soothe the edge in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice and said, \u8220\'93Well, usually when people ask that question they\u8217\'92re asking for a name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto nipped back, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Usually, people don\u8217\'92t preface a question by telling you to answer it to the best of your ability. So, I\u8217\'92ll ask again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Mandri, and I am, or was, a farmer, and before that I was a painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A painter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 Moto mused. This news seemed to liven up. \u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not much else. I guess I like burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m asking the questions, Mandri. Now, is that why we found you dead in the Junei hills? Were you looking for burgeons? What, you were high and forgot to bring water?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, that\u8217\'92s not even close.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what were you doing out there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I honestly don\u8217\'92t know. The last thing I remember, I was in Meskalem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meskalem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I don\u8217\'92t know how I ended up out here in the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it some thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two of them marched along in silence as Moto gave Mandri time to think. Mandri watched the scattered column of Ayramun spread out in front of them. They were so spread out it seemed like none of them could bear being too near each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Mandri finally said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said give it some thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can give it all the thought I want, it won\u8217\'92t help. You might have found me dead in the Junei, but that\u8217\'92s not where I died. I died in Meskalem. After that, I don\u8217\'92t know what happened to me. I was dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two questions, then,\u8221\'94 Moto said quickly. \u8220\'93And give me thorough answers. First, how did you die, and second, why would someone carry your dead body all the way over the Hias and drop you in the Junei?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, the answer to your first question is that I was strangled by an insane person. The answer to your second question is, I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stopped walking and he yanked on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder-slung sack to get him to stop too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another question,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Answer me honestly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and there\u8217\'92s no shame in it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but are you dumb? Think hard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are you usually dumber than people around you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri laughed at the bluntness, but his laugh tapered off when he realized that Moto was dead serious. The man really thought he was dumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not dumb. I\u8217\'92m telling you what I know, damn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto grimaced and looked up at the sky as if to prepare himself for an unavailing labor. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The way I see it, either you\u8217\'92re being shitty with me because you think you can get away it, which means you\u8217\'92re dumb, or you doing it because you don\u8217\'92t understand the meaning of the word \u8216\'91thorough\u8217\'92, which would also mean you\u8217\'92re dumb. So which is it, dumb, or dumb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not either of those things. I\u8217\'92m telling you the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92re not being }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thorough}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . This is the point of contention here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thoroughness. I want the truth and I want it in its fullness. You understand? I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be asking questions all day long. Do you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been brought back to life, Mandri, but whether or not you stay that way is going to depend upon }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 how }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 you answer my questions. Notice that I put emphasis on the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how\u8217\'92. I\u8217\'92m talking about respect. Be thorough. And don\u8217\'92t lie. The Sand is big, but there\u8217\'92s no room for a lip shitter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri suspected that no matter what he said, nothing was going to change Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impression of him, so, he stayed silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re new to me,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re unknown. You haven\u8217\'92t earned the right to mess around, so you should be trying to get in my good graces. I could have you put right back where you were found.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was fine where I was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were dead,\u8221\'94 Moto said, laughing through his incredulity. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re fine with being dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said what I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hearty mood soured in an instant. Mandri knew it was taboo to joke about death, especially out in the Sand, but he wasn\u8217\'92t joking. When Moto picked up on that, he clicked his tongue and said, \u8220\'93Start walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The both set off again and it seemed that Moto had become a different person, more serious and bothered. He eyed Mandri though a spiteful squint and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That kind of talk, Mandri, is how I can tell you\u8217\'92re a burgeon biter. They all get thrown out into the Sand eventually. Sometimes Ayram takes them up, but it\u8217\'92s always a mistake because your minds, they\u8217\'92re too\u8230\'85they\u8217\'92re too short-sighted. You can\u8217\'92t think about the future. You understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes\u8221\'94 to try and stave off any further explication, but Moto went ahead and did it anyways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now I believe you when you say you\u8217\'92re happy being dead. You don\u8217\'92t fear death, because how could you? Death is in the future and you\u8217\'92ve got no conception of that. You may think that\u8217\'92s all well and fine, because who wants to be living in fear of death, and you\u8217\'92re right, but see, it\u8217\'92s not the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 being }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dead that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to be afraid of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The more Moto spoke, the more he was getting wrapped up in his own words, and he was using his hands to do it. The man spoke with his hands and his shoulders as much as his mouth, and his shoulders would have been a bouncing around a whole lot more if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for the heavy backpack he was bearing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you were strangled, right? That\u8217\'92s one of the easiest ways a man can go. But you\u8217\'92re out in the Sand now, and I don\u8217\'92t think you appreciate the implication of that. This road we\u8217\'92re standing on, you see its this hump here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94, Moto traced the gentle contour of the road\u8217\'92s hump with an open hand. \u8220\'93It goes on further than you\u8217\'92d think is possible. The Bazul Road. One of the charnel roads. You know what a charnel road is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re sacred roads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto snorted and spat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A road can\u8217\'92t be sacred any more than a rock can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what a Solitant would say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solitants don\u8217\'92t know shit. If they knew what it was like to die on a charnel road, they wouldn\u8217\'92t walk them. If }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  knew, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be kissing my feet. Believe me, Mandri, you don\u8217\'92t want to end up like one of those pilgrims. They walk charnel road just for the chance to rot on them, and let me tell you, that\u8217\'92s not all that happens to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought the point of walking a road was to get to where you\u8217\'92re going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not why Pilgrims walk the road. Go and ask a pilgrim why he doesn\u8217\'92t make the Bazul Road in the comfort of a caravan and he\u8217\'92ll tell you that if Bazul did not intend for him to suffer, then Bazul wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed himself to be martyred out in the Sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would have been killed on some oated knoll near calm waters. Bazul\u8217\'92s shrine is set deep into the Sand because that\u8217\'92s the journey Bazul had in mind for his people. In way, the road itself is the shrine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled. It was an indifferent \u8216\'91ah\u8217\'92, and if Moto were a considerate person, sensitive to conversational cues, an utterance like that would have him clam up. He kept on going.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They think that walking the road is a test of faith against the power of the sun, and to skip that test is the same as having no faith at all. True Solitant pilgrims don\u8217\'92t trivialize the road by riding in a wagon or walking it at night. They walk the road in the heat of the day, and they die doing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tragic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show some respect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t say sorry when you don\u8217\'92t mean it. If you don\u8217\'92t take your own words serious, then I know you\u8217\'92re not taking mine serious. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 need}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to be serious, Mandri. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m of half a mind to leave you here and let the sun finish you off. It\u8217\'92s not a good death. You ever seen a waterless man with a black tongue the size of a hermit slug? I don\u8217\'92t think you have. Imagine rubbing your eyes with no moisture in them. Imagine an ache that splits you from your head down to your toes. It feels like your stomach is peeling apart, like the marrow in your bones is boiling. The worst part is when your mouth dries out, it turns black and the tongue swells up to bursting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds horrible.\u8221\'94\line \tab \u8220\'93Haven\u8217\'92t got to the worst of it. There\u8217\'92s an old pile of pilgrim\u8217\'92s bones not far from here that I could show you. And when you see them you\u8217\'92ll see how they\u8217\'92re scattered about and he\u8217\'92s missing a few limbs. That\u8217\'92s because drag-bellys got to him. Takes a while for a pack of drag-bellys to eat a man full, and when you\u8217\'92re dying of thirst, weak as a babe, you\u8217\'92ll still be alive when they do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not think that you do,\u8221\'94 Moto said relentlessly. \u8220\'93Drag bellies don\u8217\'92t wait for you to die, they just start chewing. A drag-belly\u8217\'92s venom stings worse than fire. It pulps the flesh. It\u8217\'92ll make your thighs look like brains and your brains look like spit. And they got a hundred little teeth like needles.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then punched Mandri in the shoulder, dead-armed him. Mandri winced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever pain you\u8217\'92re feeling now, it\u8217\'92ll be that times a hundred. And that\u8217\'92s when you learn how clever a drag-belly is, because they won\u8217\'92t bite you in the neck or somewhere serious. They know how to keep you alive as long as possible to keep the meat fresh, like they been trained by demons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, pleading. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m trying to tell you what I know, and what I know isn\u8217\'92t much. That\u8217\'92s the truth of it. I have no idea how I got to be out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re not getting out of this,\u8221\'94 Moto said before continuing on with his ramble. \u8220\'93You might be thinking you can just kill yourself before anything too painful happens, but you\u8217\'92re not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thinking}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , thinking. I once left a boy like you half-buried in a mudpan near Fleet. Ask yourself why I would do a thing like that.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto paused, as if to give Mandri a chance to answer, but the man couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help himself and as soon as Mandri opened his mouth, Moto charged on ahead, the tenor of his voice growing firmer with every step, as if all of this was well rehearsed and he was just now getting into his favorite part.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want a hint? I\u8217\'92ll just tell you. It\u8217\'92s because if you can keep a man from bending at the waist then he can\u8217\'92t bash his own brains in. I once made the mistake of tying a man\u8217\'92s hands and ankles and nothing else, and you know what he did when he got bit by a red-backed drag-belly? He got on his knees like a priest\u8230\'85then he bent back, face to the heavens like he\u8217\'92s rapt in prayer\u8230\'85that\u8217\'92s what I thought he was doing\u8230\'85maybe he was\u8230\'85and then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 WHAM\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he swung forward and smashed his head against a rock. Cracked his skull like a spider web.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Moto said all this, he imitated the action, headbutting the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how many times I can say this,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93But I honestly do not know how I got to be out there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t care about that anymore. We\u8217\'92ll put that off to the side for now. What\u8217\'92s more important is that you said you were fine with dying, so now my job is curing you of that illusion. See, I know what you are, Mandri, and I know what you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not burgeons, that\u8217\'92s for damn sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto then called out to the two of the nearest Ayramun walking ahead of them. They were only a little ways off, but still, Moto was shouting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Hill!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both men stopped and turned around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whaddya want!?\u8221\'94 the stout Hill answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other man was the bald idiot named Chopper. Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backpack was so big that he looked like a pack animal, his sillhouette a bloated blob of burlap plopped atop two stick-skinny legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shouted back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got any rope?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you want rope\u8221\'94, said Hill, \u8220\'93you come an get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto ushered Mandri along the road, and they met up with Hill and Chopper. Hill had unslung his own heavy pack, was straddling it, digging around for a length of coiled rope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you need it for?\u8221\'94 Hill asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about it,\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill screwed up his ugly mug and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last time I lent you rope, you cut it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t cut it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what you said last time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto rubbed his brow in exasperation. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna tie the boy up, and toss him into a lizard pit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill pulled out a thick coil of flat-rope, but was hesitant to hand it over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He needs to learn a lesson.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kinda lesson he gonna learn? You gonna get him killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s going to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what you said last time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When was that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you shot at little Kinzy in that bugee tree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I fully intended to kill Kinzy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Horseshit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto held out his hand like a tax-collector, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me the rope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill recoiled in disgust. He coddled his rope against his chest like it was an icon of Solraheen. Hill asked again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you need it for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already told you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92m going to tie the boy up and toss him to some lizards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill looked to Mandri and sneered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I spent too much time on this rope to let some lizard chew it up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it here,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make it yourself!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use your own rope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s no problem of mine!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill began to stuff the rope back into his pack, but was stopped when Moto tapped his foot and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill, if you don\u8217\'92t give it to me, I\u8217\'92m going to take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s big lips quivered in anger, and he raised the rope high in his clenched fist, knuckles white, and shouted, \u8220\'93You already owe me forty feet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rope,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth went wide, revealing a rather unsightly set of chipped and twisted teeth. A deep and sense of injustice plagued the rest of his pitted features. And when this was not enough to put Moto off, Hill threw the rope at Moto\u8217\'92s feet, gathered up his pack, and said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna tell Ayram about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be sure that you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell him we\u8217\'92ll be at one of the lizard pits near beetle beak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob stormed off, and that was that. Moto then turned to Chopper, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been standing there like a child confused as to why his parents were fighting. Moto asked him, \u8220\'93What about you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper looked at the rope with thirsty eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93But not yet. You want to come?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper nodded, and the three of them headed off the hump of the road and into the unsullied expanse of the Pitted Portion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri mulled his options. Moto seemed serious about feeding him to lizards, and since he was a well-adjusted man, there was no arguing with him. And there was no where to run, well, there was everywhere to run, but no where he could get to without Moto getting to him first. He was completely at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mercy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to wonder how far they\u8217\'92d be walking because some few hundred yards away there was an outcrop of several round black rocks which looked unmistakably like a gore beetle. One large, round, smooth stone was the beetle\u8217\'92s body, and next to it was a much smaller boulder that looked like an upturned thorn\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the beetle\u8217\'92s horned head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arrayed around the base of these beetle looking rocks was not one lizard pit, but several. They were more like shallow pans than pits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 drag-bellies aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t very industrious creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and at the base each pan was a single, egg-shaped hole. There were no lizards in sight. Mandri supposed they were hiding in their dens because when Moto led Mandri to one of larger pits, he did so with an excited energy. He crept up to it like the knee-deep crater might suddenly erupt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once at the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, both Moto and Chopper unsettled their heavy packs, and Mandri unshouldered his meager one, and he let it drop without much care for what was in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he unwound an arm\u8217\'92s length of rope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re trying to scare me into answering your questions it\u8217\'92s not going to work. I already told you most everything I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In order for me to trust what you say, I first have to know that you care about what happens to your own skin. Now for most people, I can trust them to look out for themselves, and that I can work with\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but you\u8217\'92re a burgeon biter, you don\u8217\'92t care about anything. What got you biting burgeons in the first place? Are you one of those limp dicks who can\u8217\'92t get a girl?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a girl, wasn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto began to wrap a figure eight of rope around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrists. He said, \u8220\'93A boy your age gets upset and jumps into burgeons, it\u8217\'92s always over a girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A man\u8217\'92s got to have a reason to be sad. Chopper gets sad when you don\u8217\'92t let him chop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper, who had been waiting patiently this whole time, perked up at the mention of his favorite word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see?\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Sadness is cause and effect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, you\u8217\'92re not sad, that\u8217\'92s not the right word\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the right word is\u8230\'85is\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Moto swirled the air with his hand to search it for inspiration. \u8220\'93I could never find the correct word for what you are, probably because it hasn\u8217\'92t been made yet. What you are has somehow escaped the notice of every poet and philosopher whose ever lived. But I know what you are because I used to be like you. That\u8217\'92s why you should count yourself lucky to have stumbled into me. I\u8217\'92m one person in this whole wide world who knows how to cure you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto motioned to Chopper. Chopper was too busy salivating at the sight of the too-long length of rope left after Moto had tied his knot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop. I want you hold the boy down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper marched over and forced Mandri onto his ass. Mandri struggled a little, confused as to what, precisely, Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s herks and jerks were trying to achieve. But damned, he was strong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you make this difficult, I\u8217\'92m going to have Chopper take your balls. You understand? Nod if understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto then set about tying Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankles together. That\u8217\'92s when Mandri noticed taht, down in the lizard pit, a wide, shovel-like lizard snout hovered out of the dark den entrance. It was a drag-belly. It licked the air with a yellow, split-leaf tongue, and before it could get in a second scenting, another drag-belly snout appeared. The two lizards jostled for position, the newcomer got feisty, and started a hissing argument. It then lurched and bit the first lizard in the neck. A seething brawl erupted, and two lizards disappeared back into the den, scratching and clawing for the right to maul whatever was lurking outside. The brawl ended in a wild screeching hiss of pain, and the winner stuck its wide, froggish head out into the air. Its swiveling eyes worked over the three men, then settled on Mandri as though it knew he were the weakest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto tied the knot around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankle\u8217\'92s tight, so tight that his ankle bones were bruising against each other. Moto then stood up straight and observed his handiwork with approval. He said, \u8220\'93I need to prime you for what you\u8217\'92re about to experience, so\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93, Moto paused, as if uncertain of what to say. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to ask you a question, and I want you to think very carefully about it. I want you to treat this question as if it were a newborn baby, like you\u8217\'92re holding a newborn for the first time, you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. Here it is. Why did Solraheen create human beings?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did Solraheen create us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not Solraheen, so how could I know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say to blurt out the first thing that came to mind? I said }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 think }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 about it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The drag-belly was now half-way out of it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s den. It\u8217\'92s squat forearms were pushing it up as high as it could, so that it\u8217\'92s head could stretch up towards Mandri and savor his odor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might help if you told me what this has to do with feeding me to lizards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not feeding you to lizards,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93What I\u8217\'92m doing is giving you a problem to solve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that\u8217\'92s a hint to the answer of my question. Think about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is our purpose? Birds can fly, fish can swim, what do humans do better than any other creature?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I don\u8217\'92t give a damn about whatever stupid point you\u8217\'92re trying to make. I\u8217\'92d rather you throw me in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t think that. Mandri, I can see the way you look at that lizard. You fear it. That drag-belly is a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 problem}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it? It\u8217\'92s here in the present and you can\u8217\'92t ignore it. You\u8217\'92re thinking about what you\u8217\'92re going to do when I throw you in that pit. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 what we do better than any other creature. You understand?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you talking about thinking?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Well, yes, we do have the advantage of thought, but thought is not an end unto itself. Thought is a tool. Right now, you are using thought to try and do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri groaned at the absurdity of whatever it was Moto was trying to say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just tell me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto sighed. It was a teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sigh, the same sigh that Mandri sighed when giving painting lessons to old Vigram, the sigh of displeasure at being refused by a student\u8217\'92s stupidity. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The answer is problem solving. That\u8217\'92s what Solraheen made us to do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we were made to solve problems. Birds were made to fly, fish were made to swim, and you and I were made to solve problems. Practical problems. We build shelters to solve the weather, we build farms to solve hunger, and we chop wood to solve heat. We kill eachother to solve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that solves a variety of problems. That\u8217\'92s what we do. Now, you take a fish out of water, and what happens? It dies. You clip a bird\u8217\'92s wings and what happens? It becomes sad and helpless. If a man has no problems to solve, he stops caring about everything. That\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s wrong with you, Mandri. And to make it worse, you\u8217\'92ve filled your belly with burgeons. When you do that, you lose the ability to identify problems. So, if you can\u8217\'92t even see them, then obviously, you\u8217\'92ve got no problems to solve! You\u8217\'92re a man without purpose, you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No you don\u8217\'92t. If you did, we wouldn\u8217\'92t be out here doing this. So what I\u8217\'92m going to do now is, I\u8217\'92m pick you up and put into a problem. I\u8217\'92m going to toss you in this pit with that drag-belly. Your instincts will kick in, and you\u8217\'92re going to try to get out of the situation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  you\u8217\'92re going to try to solve the problem. Because that\u8217\'92s what a man is supposed to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How am I going to fight off a lizard if my hands and legs are tied?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about that, Mandri. I mean, you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 should }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 worry about it, what I mean is you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to be alright in the end. If you throw a bird off a cliff, what\u8217\'92s it going to do? It\u8217\'92s going to fly. You\u8217\'92re going to be flying before you know it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you tie up a bird\u8217\'92s wings, it\u8217\'92s not going to be able to fly when you throw it off a cliff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shook this sensible argument out of his head, then kicked Mandri into the pit. Mandri rolled down and came to stop on his belly. His sudden, tumbling arrival startled the drag-belly, and the lizard scurried back into its hole. Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got about half a finger before that lizard finds the courage to come back out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stared at the black hole, eyes as wide as the moon. Then he got mad, but he was mad in the exact opposite way that Moto wanted. Instead of fighting back he was going to stay perfectly still and let the damned thing eat him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Think about what you need to do. Assess your options.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The drag-belly emerged once again from it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s den. It\u8217\'92s fat head weaved side to side, its tongue warily tasting the air. Mandri rolled onto his side so that he could stare Moto down as the Lizard attacked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to let it eat me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re not,\u8221\'94 Moto said confidently. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri fought back a flinch as the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tongue touched his toe. The thing was a lumbering dolt. It was right there. It should just bit him and get it over with. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But right when Mandri supposed the lizard was going to strike, a loud hiss seeped from out of the lizard hole, where inside, something grabbed the drag-belly\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long tail and yanked the whole beast back into the den.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh-Hoooo!\u8221\'94 Moto thundered. \u8220\'93You ever seen a drag-belly queen, Mandri? She\u8217\'92s got to be twice the size of that bit you just saw. This will be good!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri steeled himself for whatever was going to emerge from that drag-belly den. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d died before, and by god, he\u8217\'92d do it again if meant another shot at peace. Even better if he got to stick it to Moto in the process. He rolled himself on over closer to the den.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What in white light are you doing, boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Showing you that you don\u8217\'92t know shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto looked genuinely perplexed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because just then, two blood red arms with lizard-scaled hands and taloned fingers burst out of the darkness and grabbed Mandri around his tied-up ankles. Mandri yelped in fright as the blood red arms began to pull. They yanked him down into the den, but his hips plugged up the entrance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was not far enough for the beast inside. It crawled up on top of his legs, and Mandri screamed as it set its talons to work in widening the den\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wriggled and tried to free himself, but stopped when a searing pain exploded out of his thigh, just above his left knee. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, god! It bit me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto recovered from his shock and leaped down into the pit and began to pull Mandri out. In response, the creature caught Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankles again. A furious tug of war ensued until Chopper joined the struggle, and two men\u8217\'92s combined strength was enough to win out. They heaved with all their frightened might, and along with Mandri they pulled out part of the beast\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s greedy red hands still gripping Mandri\u8217\'92s ankles. With another strained heave they pulled Mandri free and the beast\u8217\'92s snarling head burst forth into the light. Its visage was a sight undreamed of, the product of some unholy miscegenation between man and drag-belly lizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its round red skull was crested in bony ornaments, its lips were draped in tuberculate scales, and its tongue, white light, its long split tongue was flicking out a mouth filled hungry, sharpened teeth. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were bulging out of its head\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 two round orbs looking in different directions, and when it blinked, its scaled lids squeezed those eyes back into their sockets, before they popped right out again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chopper, quick!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted as he pulled Mandri free of the pit. \u8220\'93Chop it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper pulled out of his robes a silver axe with a head that looked like a hand. He screamed his joyous fury, and the red beast screamed right back. The two leaped at eachother, but Chopper was faster\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his axe-head slammed right into the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulging right eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beast squealed in pain and tore itself out from under Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pinning blow. Chopper chased it back towards the den, and the beast disappeared inside it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto quickly untied the knot around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrists by simply pulling on a loose bit of rope, and he undid the knot around the ankles with similar ease. He used one length of rope to improvise a tourniquet high up on Mandri\u8217\'92s left thigh, just above where the creature had bitten it. He used a nearby stick as a windlass to twist it tight, and he twisted it so tight that the pressure was almost as painful as bite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that!?\u8221\'94 Mandri wailed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto locked the tourniquet in place with a sturdy knot, then sat down catch his breath. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did it look like? It was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get all aggrieved with me. You didn\u8217\'92t even try to move out the way. You stiffened up. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 rolled}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  towards it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri would have shrieked at the man, but the pain in his leg was several times more severe than his anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah! God!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got yourself bit by a demon, Mandri. It\u8217\'92s going to hurt. It\u8217\'92s going to do more than hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hurts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stood up and brushed himself off. He looked around, as if someone would be there to help. He sighed, set his hands on his hips, and eyed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is some real shit you\u8217\'92ve made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri rolled on his side to try and flee the tortuous pain, but that somehow made it worse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol help me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, all we got is Chopper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto snorted a laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Oh, how I wish. Help me pick him up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper jogged over, reached down, and the moment he reached under Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demon-bitten thigh to lift him up, a searing pain shot right through Mandri\u8217\'92s whole body and he fainted.}}