{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Dont tell mom, ill give you a free shot on me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mister Nice Guy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Vs. Mister Grumpy Pants}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 my pulse was placid like that of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93an old cow,\u8221\'94 which it still is.}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Moto is the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sure\u8217\'92 guy. -  the question speak guy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Who says \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91is going to depend upon\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Exchange Lizard with a demon!!!!?!?!?!?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Demon as a troubling sign of the changing times. Elrahet makes some proclomation about the turning of the age. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lonely creatures. Maybe he wants a friend.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Set the bar in barbarian}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Ryan O\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Neal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 He infamously hit on Tatum at Fawcett's funeral, not recognizing her as his daughter. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 When he smiles and laughs, the wrinkles go all the way up the side of his head.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Shiska}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Entrance to shis}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Shiskason}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Entrance down to shis}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Wrap wound in woolen bandage.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Send chopper off ahead.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93There men of opportunity. They won\u8217\'92t fight you if you don\u8217\'92t fight back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Want to see the luckiest rocks? You find any of these, you golden. Holds up some triangles. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Your triangular cobbles are formed by both types in a single rock\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the triangle results from the intersection of a conjugate set (the top of the triangle) with an orthogonal set (the base of the triangle.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 aggrieved gasp of shock}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Brexit: How to pass legislation that only benefits yourself? Convince people that those who are against it are only against it for selfish reasons.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Edit: The coloration differences are from weathering and from deposition of minerals dissolved in water that passed through the joints, which is why they formed around the edges. Groundwater will easily travel in the empty spaces in a joint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hefty blade wood shaving blade.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0}