{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 STORY:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guy suvives deep sea underwater accident. Goes about his life. Gets chased. Alien looking freaks. Evenetually captured. Thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fucked. Gets taken to deep sea thing where he is briefed - these aliens are actually crew from a nother deep sea research endeavor, they were pulled down into abyss and thought lost. They came back mysteriously changed - he is one of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Juror #2 - thinks he killed, is a coward, but turns out he didn't kill anyone, but learns he was a coward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story idea: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Society which indoctrinates in dumb religion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coming of age involves disabusing that religion so as to inculcate a healthy does of self-skepticism. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MC refuses, continues to believe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Idea for sci fi stories}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aliens cull dinosaur type species because they only want social structured intelligences.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is a flow of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91mindstuff\u8217\'92 from which the physical world is borne.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This flow gets \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91knotted\u8217\'92 up, and these knots are particles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These knots tie eachother up, according to laws of physics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually producing \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91consciousness\u8217\'92, which is fundamentally \u8216\'91mindstuff\u8217\'92. Physical perception is not an illusion per se, but the distinction between \u8216\'91mental\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91physical\u8217\'92 is false.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An individual \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91self\u8217\'92 is a container for complex knots of mind. Some memories, some perception apparatus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When a person dies, the identity pops like abubble, spilling out memories into the flow of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91mindstuff\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It is possible to access these free floating memories through meditation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the flow of mindstuff, there are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91demons\u8217\'92, which are knots that swallow other knots. A great aberration. Swimming against the flow. It comes towards us, from the future.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zephania and anna kingsley -interracial couple.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}