{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/77000/pg77000-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/77000/pg77000-images.html}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Alice Morse Earle}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 y dearly loved friend, Charles Lamb, wrote, in his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essays of Elia,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93I have an almost feminine partiality for old china. When I go to see any great house, I inquire first for the china-closet, and next for the picture-gallery. I have no repugnance for those little lawless azure-tinted grotesques that, under the notion of men and women, float about uncircumscribed by any element, in that world before perspective\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a china teacup.\u8221\'94 In that partiality for old china I humbly join, and it is of the search through New England for such dear old china loves, and of the gathered treasures of those happy china hunts, that I write.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 China hunting is a true \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93midsummer madness.\u8221\'94 When grass grows green and \u8220\'93daffodils begin to peer\u8221\'94\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 my fancy lightly turns to thoughts of china. Hot waxes the fever as crawls up the summer sun; fierce and fiercer rages the passion and the hunt, till autumn touches with her cold though glorious hand the trees and fields. Then doth my madness wane, and chase grow dull, and icy winter finds me sane and calm, till charming spring returns to witch me to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93mine old lunes\u8221\'94 once again. Thus is every china captive of that mad summer chase aglow to me with summer suns and beauty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not a dull lifeless clod of moulded painted clay, but a glorious idealized token of long warm halcyon days too quickly passed, of \u8220\'93yesterdays that look backward with a smile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Were the possession of old or valuable specimens of porcelain and pottery, or even of happy memories of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93days of joyance,\u8221\'94 the only good things which came from the long hours of country ranging and farm-house searching spent in our china quests, Philistines might perhaps scoff at the waste of time and energy; but much else that is good have I found. Insight into human nature, love of my native country, knowledge of her natural beauties, acquaintance with her old landmarks and historical localities, familiarity with her history, admiration of her noble military and naval heroes, and study of the ancient manners, customs, and traditions of her early inhabitants have all been fostered, strengthened, and indeed almost brought into existence by the search after and study of old china. How vague and dull were my school-day history-lesson memories of Perry, of Lawrence, of Decatur, until I saw their likenesses\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 3}{\f0\fs24\b0 on some hideous Liverpool pitchers! then I read eagerly every word of history, every old song and ballad about them. How small was my knowledge of old \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93table manners\u8221\'94 and table furnishings until I discovered, through my china studies, how our ancestors ate and served their daily meals! How little I knew of the shy romance and the deep-lying though sombre sentiment in New England country life, until it was revealed to me in the tradition of many a piece of old china. How entirely powerless was I to discover the story of human nature as told in the countenance until my inquiries after old china made me a second Lavater in regarding the possibilities of successful purchase in case the questioned one chanced to own any old porcelain heirlooms! How few of our noble wood and valley roads had I seen until I drove through them searching for old farm-houses that might contain some salvage of teacups or teapots! And not only do we learn of America through our china hunts, but of England as well; for nearly all of our old table-ware was English, and the history of the production of English china can be traced as easily in New England as in old England. Few of the more costly pieces came here, but humbler specimens show equally well the general progress of the manufacture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Let me be just and honest in my tale; though all is ideal happiness in the hours of the china chase, the counting of the spoils is sometimes vastly disappointing.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 There is no hobby of so uncertain gait, none other fancy in the pursuit of which one meets with so many rebuffs as in china collecting. I mean in real china collecting by individual search and pursuit, not in china buying at high prices at a fashionable china-shop. For such Cr\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u339\'9Csus buyers, who know not the sweet nor the bitter of true china hunting, these pages are not written.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fuck art galleries. The power of a painting comes from where it sits. A king without a throne is just another man.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 More complete and mortifying routs sometimes, though rarely, have befallen us. We were driving quietly along one day on the outskirts of the town, when we saw at the door of a shabby modern house, a vinegar faced woman, who sat energetically mixing chicken-dough in one of the most beautiful old blue and white Nankin bowls that ever was seen. As each blow of the heavy iron spoon came down on the precious antique, it struck an echoing and keener blow to our china-loving hearts, and we hastened to ask the owner of the bowl to sell it ere it was broken. Sell it? not she. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know where it came from, nor who had owned it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and she didn\u8217\'92t care, but she wouldn\u8217\'92t sell it for any money; and if a tin pan was just as good to mix the meal in, she would use this \u8220\'93old crockery thing\u8221\'94 if she wanted to; and she walked into the shabby house, and \u8220\'93slammed\u8221\'94 the door before our abashed and sad faces. The thought of that bowl at the mercy of that fierce iron spoon has made us very unhappy; scores of times have we driven past the house glancing furtively in, at the wood-shed, the hen-house, the kitchen door, ready almost to steal the poor prisoner if we found it unguarded; but we do not dare attempt an honest rescue lest we suffer a still more ignominious and mortifying defeat.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In farm-houses, presided over by deaf old housewives we have had shown to us crackers for crockery, pitchforks for teapots, tubs for cups, and once, by some strange and incomprehensible twist of the poor deaf ears, or our own dull tongues, were cheerfully offered buckwheat flour when we asked to see a Washington pitcher. We also drove several miles at the sea-shore, in high spirits and with great expectations, to see some very old teapots, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93all kinder basket-work,\u8221\'94 and were confronted by a strange machine of seafaring appearance, which proved to be an eel-pot, and was truly an ancient one. Other kindly country souls, knowing well what we want, offer us as far more desirable and artistic treasures, faded samplers, worsted flowers, crocheted tidies, preserved wreaths, wax fruit, hair jewelry, and Parian busts, and look at us with commiseration when we cling to our strange idiosyncrasy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 our preference for old china. Sometimes the kindly intention to guide and help us to our goal is evident and powerful enough, the desire to inform us is rampant, but power of expression is lacking, or even a modicum of memory; the narrow limits of country vocabulary are painful to witness and the expressions of its poverty are painful to hear, and suggestions only lead the speaker farther astray in his attempted descriptions. He is also color-blind, and has vague remembrance of size and nomenclature. He can\u8217\'92t describe the china, he can\u8217\'92t date it, he can\u8217\'92t name it, sometimes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though he vaguely remembers that he has\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 8}{\f0\fs24\b0 seen it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t place it, he simply knows that somewhere he has seen something that he fancies may be somewhat like what we want; and too often when we try to follow his vague and jejune clue, we go upon a \u8220\'93thankless arrant.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Warned by many such dreary mistakes I am very shy of having china sent to me through any interest awakened by its description, and am equally shy of buying by proxy.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let every eye negotiate for itself,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And trust no agent.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an art agent. Back then interested parties might not be able to buy direct or see the thing in person before buying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 l. Then comes stratagem to the fore. Learn to wheedle, to hint, to interrogate slyly, to blandly let the conversation drift\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93muster all wiles with blandished parleys, feminine assaults, tongue batteries\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in short, vulg. dict., to \u8220\'93pump\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and work that pump with judgment, with craft, and with thoroughness. Moments of quickly repented expansiveness come to all mortals in country and in town, and in those rare moments of telling all they know, even reticent and secretive country people will give you many a china clue to follow.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~when you really cannot go without that Pilgrim plate, when you positively need it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if you take your money out and lay it on the table in full sight of the plate-owner, you wield a powerful lever to work the transfer; nor do I consider such a statement at all derogatory to the character of my New England neighbors, nor is the trait peculiar to them.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But do not make too aggressively prominent the money part of the transaction. Be courteous and careful even to extremes in addressing your country people for purposes of china purchase. Never ask them to sell their china\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sell}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a most offensive and brutal word\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ask them if they are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93willing to part with it.\u8221\'94 Never hint, by word or deed, that you fancy they really need the money. Never disparage the desired articles, the shrewd country wives would see through your pretence at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93Why, if it be so commonplace, do you wish it?\u8221\'94 A base and deceitful, though clever, china hunter of my acquaintance declares that she has found it invariably to her advantage to say that the coveted article matched exactly, either in shape or decoration, something which she had at home. The staid country mind, liking to see things in \u8220\'93sets,\u8221\'94 always appeared to be most immoderately and unaccountably influenced to sell by this disingenuous assertion.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We have many times during the past five years crossed the trail of a collector who appears to have wholly depleted of china the old farm-houses of the Connecticut Valley. We have found, through comparing the accounts of his visits, that he has a little slyness too. He always desires to purchase his particular bit of china simply to form a link in a chain. He either has a specimen of the entire succession of production of a factory except the very piece the farm-wife has, or he has a perfect list of historical plates except the very plate she owns, or he has a choice bit of every known color of lustre except her special pitcher. The satisfaction of supplying the long missing link, and the value that link will give to a history the purchaser is going to write of such china, seem to prove a powerful lever to effect the transfer to his catenulate collection.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The men are, as a rule, always willing to sell china\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when did man ever reverence the vessels of his household gods? I always delight to ask a Yankee farmer, in field or road, whether he has any old crockery that he would be willing to part with. How he will skurry home \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93cross-lots,\u8221\'94 over the ploughed fields, or through the rows of growing corn, eager to pull out and sell his wife\u8217\'92s pantry treasures! Not that he can sell them if \u8220\'93Mother\u8221\'94 isn\u8217\'92t willing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in her realm she reigns supreme. Even in the midst of my sore disappointment I have thrilled with malicious satisfaction and delight to see the calm and authoritative way in which \u8220\'93Father\u8221\'94 is turned out of the \u8220\'93butt\u8217\'92ry\u8221\'94 when he tries to pull down from the shelf an old blue bowl or plate to sell. \u8220\'93Mother\u8221\'94\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 4has kept her cinnamon-sticks and nutmegs for her apple-pies in that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blue Dragon\u8221\'94 bowl for forty years, and she isn\u8217\'92t going to sell it now to please anyone. To hail the farmer in advance with china questions is not, therefore, so underhanded and despicable a proceeding as might be thought, nor so dangerous to the family peace; he really is a poor, uninfluential, unpowered vassal in kitchen and pantry, his advice is not asked, his word is not heeded, nor if he attempt to be at all bumptious will his presence be tolerated. I have found it to be an unvarying rule that the farmer is always willing and eager to sell his wife\u8217\'92s mother\u8217\'92s china, while the wife is always openly disparaging, and cares little for his mother\u8217\'92s china; and when once the source of inheritance is discovered, the rule of action and plan of attack are plainly defined.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Do not hurry prospective china sellers: bustling city ways annoy them, fluster them, and worry them, and in sheer bewilderment they say \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8221\'94 to get rid of you.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 6Be tentative and gentle in your approach. Do not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as we did\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rush in upon a deaf and timid old lady and frighten her, by the bouncing and bustling inquiries we made, into vehement denials of china-possession and simultaneous refusals to sell anything. This dear old \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aunt Dolly\u8221\'94 lived in the sole new house in a village of old colonial dwellings, and we rather contemptuously thought to pass by the brand-new French roofed intruder, but decided \u8220\'93just to ask\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and \u8220\'93just to ask\u8221\'94 and receive a frightened negative answer was all we did do, and we left with self-important assurance, to hunt elsewhere. A tin-peddler (a \u8220\'93china runner\u8221\'94 perhaps in disguise), with quieter voice and more truly well-bred manners, carried off her rare treasures about a week later\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a canopy-topped mirror with Washington and Franklin mirror-knobs, a \u8220\'93Boston State-House\u8221\'94 pitcher, four \u8220\'93Valentine\u8221\'94 plates having Wilkie\u8217\'92s design, half a dozen Staffordshire plates with the \u8220\'93cottage\u8221\'94 pattern, and two Wedgwood teapots; and Aunt Dolly took as payment two shining new tin milk-pans and a cheap wringing-machine that wouldn\u8217\'92t wring. We knew her well in after years when it was too late, and she confessed to us that at our first meeting we talked so fast, and talked together, and \u8220\'93hollered so she couldn\u8217\'92t hear,\u8221\'94 and that she did not understand what we meant or what we wanted, and said \u8220\'93No\u8221\'94 to obtain peace.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And oh! what an enviable advantage the ubiquitous tin-peddler, that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93licensed vagrom,\u8221\'94 has over every convention-trammelled china hunter! What a delight, what a dream it would be to go a-china hunting with a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 7tin-peddler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cart; what lonely out-of-the-way roads and by-lanes I would take, careless where I went, since wherever I wandered I should be welcome. How I would sit on my lofty seat and view the lovely country o\u8217\'92er, in the \u8220\'93sessions of sweet, silent thought,\u8221\'94 with my strong and willing and safe horse to pull me up hill and down dale; with my stock of shining tin-ware, my brooms and notions and gaily painted pails, all ready for advantageous exchange; with my big, red, roomy wagon, in whose mysterious cavernous interior I could store in safety unwieldy china treasures, such as tureens and bowls and pitchers; with my air of ready assurance, of intimate familiarity with the family, my jovial raillery, my opportunities of kitchen and pantry investigation, my anxious health inquiries and profound medical advice, backed up by bottles of patent medicines which I should sell at half-price to curry favor and china; or, better still, exchange, giving a bottle of liniment for a \u8220\'93Landing of Lafayette,\u8221\'94 or a box of pills for a Pilgrim plate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 oh! next to being a gipsy living under the greenwood tree, who would not be a Yankee tin-peddler a-china hunting?\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Alack-a-day! such happy peaceful joys are forbidden to me, not because of lack of inclination or capacity, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thrice bitter thought\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 because I am a woman. Tin-peddlering is not for me, it is not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93woman\u8217\'92s sphere.\u8221\'94 Perhaps when I am old, too old to clamber up and proudly sit on that exalted driver\u8217\'92s seat (though never too old to go china hunting), perhaps when women have crowded into every other profession, calling, and business in the land, some happy, bold feminine soul will taste the pleasures of \u8220\'93advanced life for women,\u8221\'94 the pleasures forbidden to me, and dare to go tin-peddlering, though there will then be no old china left in the country to buy.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Though I have never been china hunting with a tin-peddler I have been on the trail with a Yankee china dealer, and his unique method of management was delightful. He worked upon the most secretive, the most furtive plan. He never would have shared with us his coverts nor taken us to his haunts, save for this reason: he had run down a noble prey, an entire set of fine old English ware, and to his dismay the owner refused to let him enter the house. Again and again had he essayed to come to some terms, even to see the china, but without success. He felt sure, however, that if any woman asked she would not plead in vain, hence his divulgement\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 9as a favor to us. We made several stops at farm-houses on the road to our goal, and his way of carrying on his business of china buying deserves to be told as a matter of interest and instruction to amateur china hunters, for he was a professional, a star. He never, by any chance, told the truth about himself, and above all never gave his correct name and place of residence, nor drove away from the house in the way he really intended to go. He represented himself as an adopted son, this seeming to be more mysterious than ordinary family conditions; never gave twice alike the name of his adopted father, but had a series of noble parents, the most prominent and influential men in the country around.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 idea of a portrait buyer going door to door. Mix in that whole \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ambushed by art out in the wild\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Then he was collecting china for the Columbian Exhibition. At another door his wife turned into an accomplished china-painter who wanted these plates for patterns. He curried warm favor and won much china at one house by stating that his mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s china set had been badly broken by her daughter-in-law and he wished to replace the broken pieces. An aged couple who were living with their son and his wife were easy victims to this specious invention. He bargained for hay, for potatoes, for a whole farm; we seemed at one time in imminent danger of being forced to buy a cow and to depart leading her behind the wagon. Let me be just to this inventive soul; his dishonesty lay in words only. He paid good prices for all the china he bought, neither undervalued nor disparaged it; and showed a thoughtful kindliness toward the dwellers in every house he visited.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We suggested at one house that he should say plainly that he was a dealer and wanted to buy the china to sell. He scorned our dull, commonplace suggestion, and said it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be any fun, and that they wouldn\u8217\'92t let him within their doors. \u8220\'93Half the places I go to anyway they look out the window afore they answer me to see if I aint got a sewing-machine in the wagon, and if they don\u8217\'92t see any, then they think I must have a cyclopedy.\u8221\'94 China hunting was to him the romance of his life, his tournament, his battle-field. He told us of several narrow escapes he had had from detection, and exposure of his fables. In addition to vending old china, he sold old junk and farming tools; and thrice farmers of whom he had bought china recognized him within his own doors. But with the active imagination of a Dumas, he had an instant explanation. He had either just gone into the business, or else they were mistaken: he had a twin brother who had been adopted, etc. He developed to us a plan of action which we were to pursue at the special farm-house that contained the set of china. He would stop at the foot of the hill and lurk out of sight while we climbed to the door. Then we were to represent ourselves as relatives of the Republican candidate for Governor, as it was within a week of election and the farmer was a Republican. We were to tell little anecdotes of the candidate\u8217\'92s private life, to hint that it was to please the Governor-elect that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 2we wished this china, and that it would be used in the gubernatorial mansion in Boston. He told us exactly how we were to work up the conversation and lead up to the purchase, what to pay and what to offer at first. All was well and carefully arranged when a dire suspicion seized him that Farmer Rice was a Democrat after all. This depressed him much, and he decided to sound a neighbor on this important point ere we committed ourselves within doors. His conversation with the guileless neighbor held us spellbound, he represented himself as a political census taker and hinted darkly that we were to be the candidates for high offices on the Woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Rights ticket at the next election. He found that farmer Rice was a bitter Democrat. This was a sharp blow, for neither he nor we knew one thing about the private life of the Democratic candidate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not even where he lived, nor indeed on our part one thing about politics anyway. Nothing daunted, he searched a newspaper which he chanced to have, and invented an imaginary home for the Democratic Governor, which would doubtless have answered every purpose, with the strong points on Free Trade and Protection which he drilled into us. We very prosaically, however, preferred our old honest plan, and whether because of our suspicious appearance on foot at such a great distance from any village, or because we made an extremely inauspicious entrance, awakening a very deaf old lady from a very sound nap, we could not buy the china either, but we saw it, a whole chest full, and the sight was well worth the long journey.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Strange and petty meannesses develop in you, envious longings, you have \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93an itching palm,\u8221\'94 you learn to be secretive and dissembling, \u8220\'93to smile and smile and be a villain.\u8221\'94 You learn to hide your trail, to refuse to give information to other sportsmen, to conceal the location of your hunting-grounds, to employ any wile to gain attention and entrance. Two worthy young men, without a fault, save an overweening and idolatrous love for old china, can attribute their fall from the paths of honesty and truthfulness to china hunting. Searching one day in a country town, one of these china hunters descended from the carriage and pounded the knocker of a fine but somewhat dilapidated country mansion. A pompous and repelling old gentleman of extreme deafness and reticence opened the door. What was the amazement and mortification of the waiting friend in the carriage to hear the bold intruder roar in his loudest and most persuasive voice, \u8220\'93I have come to see whether you have any old china, or know of anyone who has old china to sell,\u8221\'94 and as the door was about to be slammed, he added, \u8220\'93My friend, the late Judge V\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 , of Worcester, told me that if anyone in the country knew of old china and relics it was you.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the meantime, unchecked and undiscovered, this simple and transparent scheme invariably works to a charm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how proud the man always is to learn that the late Judge V\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  recommended him as a connoisseur of anything! he hastens to sell his china, if his wife be willing and have any to sell, and he manages to think of someone else who will probably sell, should he chance to have none himself. The flip-mug has been filled many a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 6time to the old-time toast, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Success to Trade\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and yet the base china hunters are really honest fellows enough in every-day life. Alas! that greed for things so beautiful should so deform the soul!}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Alas! that greed for things so beautiful should so deform the soul!}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We are sometimes, in our china hunts, brought into close contact with baser crimes than falsehood and duplicity. We have a number of daintily-shaped pieces of sprigged china, with a graceful ribbon border, which are known to us by the name of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beach ware,\u8221\'94 but which would be generally and more correctly called \u8220\'93cottage china.\u8221\'94 These six-legged teapots and creamjugs of \u8220\'93Beach ware\u8221\'94 received their descriptive and pretty title from the simple folk of whom they were bought, not from the name of their maker nor from their place of manufacture. \u8220\'93Beach ware\u8221\'94 was found in crates or boxes along the beach on the shores of Barnegat Bay at the beginning of this century. It was part of the cargo of a great English ship laden with china, which was lured to destruction and robbed by a notorious family of Barnegat \u8220\'93wreckers,\u8221\'94 one of whose members died not many years ago at the age of ninety years, having served in his youth a well-deserved term\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 7of twenty years\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 imprisonment in State Prison, the sentence received at his trial for cruel robbery and murder through \u8220\'93wrecking.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The best piece of Wedgwood jasper ware that I own was bought from an old Englishman of mild appearance and junk proclivities. A second visit to his den found it closed. A friendly plumber in the adjacent shop explained with effusion that the junk-man was a wretched old thief, and no one but thieves sold to him or bought of him (I winced at the accusation); that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93he broke into a museyum in England and stole a lot of china and brought it over here to sell, and had kep\u8217\'92 stealin\u8217\'92 ever sense,\u8221\'94 and he (the plumber) was \u8220\'93glad the perlice had chased him out, for he was a disgrace to the neighborhood.\u8221\'94\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 9Was not my pretty Flaxman-designed piece of Wedgwood stolen from that English collection?}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {TRENCHER TREEN AND PEWTER BRIGHT}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Their method of glazing them is, they place them over a large pit of smoky pitch pine which makes them smooth, black, and firm. Their lands abound with proper clay and even with porcelain, as has been proved by experiment.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 He says \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93it was wrought all over the outside representing basket-work, and was undoubtedly esteemed a very ingenious performance by the people at the age of its construction.\u8221\'94 This burial urn (for such the pot proved to be) was indeed a very good piece of work for an Indian potter, and is still preserved. It is about fifteen inches in height and ten in its greatest diameter, of graceful outline, and is covered\~73with an impressed design of fine basket-work. It was made with an admixture of gravel and powdered shell, which rendered it strong enough to resist the disintegrating influences of the soil by which it was surrounded. It was enclosed in two outer vessels of ruder workmanship, which crumbled into fragments upon exposure to the air. Within the inner vessel were the bones of a young child. Too young to own any earthly possessions to be buried with him, this little Indian baby was interred in the tumulus of shell and clay, in his earthen coffin alone.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 In examining this Indian pottery it is easy to see the natural way in which the earliest forms were developed. The gourd, the shell, the basket, the square box of bark\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 all these primitive shapes of vessels were copied in the pottery. The ornamentation, too, was compassed in a simple fashion; the vessel was sometimes modelled within a rush basket or frame of reeds\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 thus the impressed design remained upon it. Rude dyes were applied. One indented design is said to have been formed by the finger-nail of the Indian potter; other designs have been impressed by twisted thongs. All these methods and forms of ornamentation were also used by the Celtic potters. Little pieces of mica or shell were inserted in the wet clay pot, and were fired in as a further ornament.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The earthen vessel was either baked in a rude kiln or inverted over coals of burning wood. We have several very good descriptions of the methods of manufacturing and firing of Indian potters at a later date. Dumont writes in 1848, of the Louisiana Indians: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After having amassed the proper kind of clay and carefully cleaned it, the Indian women take shells which they pound and reduce to a fine powder; they mix this powder with the clay, and having poured some water on the mass, they knead it with their hands and feet and make it into a paste of which they form rolls six or seven feet long, and of a thickness suitable to their purpose. If they intend to fashion a plate or a vase, they take hold of one of these rolls by the end, and fixing here with the thumb of the left hand the centre of the vessel they are about\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 7}{\f0\fs24\b0 5to make, they turn the roll with astonishing quickness around this centre, describing a spiral line; now and then they dip their fingers into water and smooth with the right hand the inner and outer surface of the vase they intend to fashion, which would become ruffled or undulated without that manipulation. In this manner they make all sorts of earthen vessels, plates, dishes, bowls, pots, and jars, some of which hold from forty to fifty pints.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is a prettier and more domestic picture of the Indian wife than many we have of the draggled, overworked squaw digging in the fields, or carrying the tent-poles on her back like a pack-horse. The whirling coil of clay, the growing earthen jar, the deftly-shaping hand, are certainly picturesque and homely. The Indian women were potters in all the tribes, it being deemed unmanly work for a lordly brave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}