{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fate and will are made of the same stuff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Same stuff as your mazidfire}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing this, the witch placed a cold hand upon on his cheek. The chill of her touch hit his skin and he forgot about everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She folded him into her spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He tried to pull back, but she forced him into her eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Iron-red scleral veins pulsed through her rusted whites.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her dark irises blackened, and he fell into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His world went black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The arc of his emotions was. First, there was , as there was a battle raging. Time past and he was still there, stuffed with black. Imagined his limp body being ravaged by that horde of hag beetles. More time past, and he began to believe to why he was still alive. That the demons must have no thirst for him, as he had no Spark to steal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was a chair. A newly built chair.  Time must be passing. How else could his thoughts string words together to think?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then, suddenly, a speck of white popped and exploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He found himself back in his own skin. He was laying on a bed of spangled ferns.  The world around him, a green, palmy paradise. And there she was. Young. Naked. Next to him. Legs intertwined. She smothered him with sacred wet-breast groans. She let him taste the joy of being human. He found himself wanting to be whatever she wanted him to be. It was a moment of inexpressible clarity. Then a yielding to kaleidoscopic symmetries. Old Jandri patterns. Sawtooth  swirled around her irises, and he stared into them for another eternity before the whole world dissolved into paint on the pad of a finger ten-hundred millennia ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All this ancient history drained into a wash of blue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All blue shifted into a vast and windswept sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All sky tessellated into cells with glowing boundaries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These cells pulsed, convulsed, then unfurled into a wall of painted eyes with corners folding backwards into oblivion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came a deleting flush of white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was thrown from the hallucination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, he was back in the swaying dark of Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri made to shout, but of course, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He tried to warn Elrahet with a mighty glare, but the witch placed a cold hand upon on his cheek. The chill of her fingertips made him forget about everything. She folded him, again, into her spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She folded him into the clarity of her fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hallucination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Iron-red scleral veins pulsed through her rusted whites}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 folding him into the clarity of her fear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into her meaning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 like this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she dropped him onto a bed of spangled ferns}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she smothered him with sacred wet-breast groans}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she let him taste the joy of being human}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Bliss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Clarity again, then a yielding:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to burgeon addled symmetries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri patterns swirling around black irises}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dissolving into paint on the pad of a finger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ten-hundred millennia ago}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 this history drained into a wash of blue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 blue shifted into a vast and windswept sky}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 sky tessellated into cells with boundaries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 boundaries unfurled to reveal a painted eye}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 each eye, a hollow on the wall of all of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 with corners folding backwards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into hidden dimensions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 like this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 there came a deleting flash of white}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the sun exploded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a spent hallucination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now he was back in the swaying dark of Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly. Elrahet was in front of him again, black robed, glassy eyed, and sighing. There was Seb behind her, pulling a blooded blade out of the old witch\u8217\'92s back and quickly disappearing, leaving Mandri to clutch at Elrahet\u8217\'92s falling body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He caught the old witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm and helped her down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He fumbled with her fluffy robes to try and find the wound, but knew it was useless. He could tell from the absence of breath that she was already dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}