{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Self-sufficiency}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Intellectual conversation, whether grave or humorous, is only fit for intellectual society; it is downright abhorrent to ordinary people, to please whom it is absolutely necessary to be commonplace and dull. This demands an act of sever self-denial; we have to forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to become like other people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Most people are dull and need others to complete them. Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The intelligent mind can occupy itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They become sick of themselves. It is this vacuity of soul which drives them to intercourse with others - to travels in foregin countries. Their mind is wanting in elasticity; it has no movement of its own. And so they try to give it some, by drink, for instance. How much drunkeness is due to this cause alone!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man does not represent a fraction but a whole number. He is complete in himself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The younger you are the easier it is to relate to others because you are not yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Men of great intellect live in the world without really belonging to it; and so, from tehir earliest years, they feel that there is a perceptible difference between them and other people. But it is only gradually, with the lapse of years, that they come to a clear understanding fo their position.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Thus reading forces on the mind ideas that are as foreign and heterogeneous to the tendency and mood it has at the moment, as is the seal to the wax whereon it impresses its stamp. Thus the mind is totally compelled from without to think first of one thing and then of another, for which it has absolutely no inclination or disposition. When, on the other hand, a man thinks for himself, his mind follows its own natural impulse, as this has been more specifically determined for the moment either by external environment or by some recollection. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Therefore the mind is deprived of all its elasticity by much reading as is a spring when a weight is continually applied to it; and the surest way not to have thoughts of our own is for us at once to take up a book when we have a moment to spare. This practice is the reason why erudition makes most men more stupid and simple than they are by nature and also deprives their literary careers of every success.* As Pope says, they remain: For ever reading, never to be read. The Dunciad, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u1096\'3F. 193-4. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scholars are those who have read in books, but thinkers, men of genius, world-enlighteners, and reformers of the human race are those who have read directly in the book of the world. [* Those who write are so numerous, those who think so rare.] }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even if occasionally we had been able very easily and conveniently to find in a book a truth or view which we very laboriously and slowly discovered through our own thinking and combining, it is nevertheless a hundred times more valuable if we have arrived at it through our own original thinking. Only then does it enter into the whole system of our ideas as an integral part and living member; only then is it completely and firmly connected therewith, is understood in all its grounds and consequents, bears the colour, tone, and stamp of our whole mode of thought, has come at the very time when the need for it was keen, is therefore firmly established and cannot again pass away. Accordingly, Goethe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s verse here finds its most perfect application and even explanation: What from your fathers\u8217\'92 heritage is lent, Earn it anew, really to possess it!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head instead of with one\u8217\'92s own. Now for our own thinking, whence a coherent and connected whole, a system though not strictly rounded off, endeavours to evolve, nothing is more detrimental than too strong an influx of other people\u8217\'92s ideas through constant reading. For each of them has sprung from the mind of another, belongs to another system, bears another tint; and never do they flow of themselves into a totality of thought, knowledge, insight, and conviction. On the contrary, they set up in the head a slight Babylonian confusion of tongues, and a mind so crammed is now robbed of all clear insight and thus is wellnigh disorganized. This state can be observed in many scholars and results in their being inferior to many illiterate men as regards common sense, correct judgement, and practical tact. The latter have always subordinated to, and incorporated in, their own thinking the little knowledge that has come to them from without through experience, conversation, and a little reading }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 g. Now it is just this that the scientific thinker also does to a greater degree. Although he needs much knowledge and must, therefore, read a great deal, his mind is nevertheless strong enough to master all this, to assimilate it, to incorporate it into his system of ideas, and thus to subordinate it to the organically consistent totality of his vast and ever-growing insight. Here his own thinking, like the ground-bass of an organ, always dominates everything and is never drowned by the notes and tones of others, as is the case with the minds of mere pundits and polyhistors, where fragments of music in all keys run into one another, so to speak, and the fundamental note can no longer be detected at all. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Least of all should we, for the sake of reading, withdraw entirely from the spectacle of the real world }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 According to these observations, it will not surprise us to learn that the man who is capable of thinking for himself and the book-philosopher can easily be recognized even by their style of delivery; the former by the stamp of earnestness, directness, and originality, by all his ideas and expressions that spring from his own perception of things; the latter, on the other hand, by the fact that everything is second-hand, consists of traditional notions, trash and rubbish, and is flat and dull, like the impression of an impression. His style, consisting of conventional, and even banal, phrases and current new-fangled words, resembles a small state whose circulation consists of none but foreign coins because it does not mint any of its own. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 siveness and clearness; and in this respect they can be at once recognized. The characteristic sign of all first-rate minds is the directness of all their judgements and opinions. All that they express and assert is the result of their own original thinking and everywhere proclaims itself as such even by the style of delivery. Accordingly, like princes, they have an imperial immediacy in the realm of the mind; the rest are all mediatized, as is already seen from their style which has no stamp of originality. Therefore every genuine and original thinker is to this extent like a monarch; he is immediate and perceives no one who is his superior. Like the decrees of a monarch, his judgements spring from his own supreme power and come directly from himself. For he no more accepts authorities than does the monarch take orders; on the contrary, he admits nothing but what he himself has confirmed. On the other hand, minds of the common ruck who labour under all kinds of current opinions, authorities, and prejudices, are like the crowd which silently obeys laws and orders. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem of existence is very great and very close to us; this existence that is dubious, questionable, tormented, fleeting, and dream-like. It is so great and so near that, the moment we become aware of it, it overshadows and hides all other problems and purposes. Now in this connection, we see how all men, with few and rare exceptions, are not clearly conscious of the problem; in fact, they do not appear to have grasped it at all, but are much more concerned about everything else. They live for the day and think only of the scarcely longer span of their personal future, for either they expressly decline to consider the problem, or else, with regard thereto, they willingly make a compromise through some system of popular metaphysics with which they are satisfied. If we carefully consider all this, we may form the opinion that only in a much wider sense can man be called a thinking being; and then we shall not be very surprised at any trait of thoughtlessness or simplicity. On the contrary, we shall realize that the intellectual horizon of the normal man transcends, it is true, that of the animal which is unaware of the future and the past and whose existence is, so to speak, a single present. But we shall also realize that the human mental horizon is not so incalculably far removed from the animal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as is generally assumed. It is in accordance with the foregoing that, even in conversation, we find the thoughts of most people to be clipped as short as chopped straw, so that out of them a longer thread cannot be spun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If this world were populated with really thinking beings, it would be impossible for all kinds of noise to be permitted and given such unlimited scope, even the most terrible and purposeless. But if nature had intended man for thinking, she would not have given him ears, or at any rate would have furnished them with air-tight flaps, as with bats whom for this reason I envy. But like the rest, man is really a poor animal whose powers are calculated merely for the maintenance of his existence. For this reason, he needs ears which are always open and, even unasked, announce the approach of a pursuer both by night and by day. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One need only look at a woman's shape to discover that she is not intended for either too much mental or too much physical work. She pays the debt of life not by what she does but by what she suffers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 by the pains of child-bearing, care for the child, and by subjection to man, to whom she should be a patient and cheerful companion. The greatest sorrows and joys or great exhibition of strength are not assigned to her; her life should flow more quietly, more gently, and less obtrusively than man's, without her being essentially happier or unhappier. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women are directly adapted to act as the nurses and educators of our early childhood, for the simple reason that they themselves are childish, foolish, and short-sighted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in a word, are big children all their lives, something intermediate between the child and the man, who is a man in the strict sense of the word. Consider how a young girl will toy day after day with a child, dance with it and sing to it;\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With girls, Nature has had in view what is called in a dramatic sense a "striking effect," for she endows them for a few years with a richness of beauty and a, fulness of charm at the expense of the rest of their lives; so that they may during these years ensnare the fantasy of a man to such a degree as to make him rush into taking the honourable care of them, in some kind of form, for a lifetime\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a step which would not seem sufficiently justified if he only considered the matter. Accordingly, Nature has furnished woman, as she has the rest of her creatures, with the weapons and implements necessary for the protection of her existence and for just the length of time that they will be of service to her; so that Nature has proceeded here with her usual economy. Just as the female ant after coition loses her wings, which then become superfluous, nay, dangerous for breeding purposes, so for the most part does a woman lose her beauty after giving birth to one or two children; and probably for the same reasons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then again we find that young girls in their hearts regard their domestic or other affairs as secondary things, if not as a mere jest. Love, conquests, and all that these include, such as dressing, dancing, and so on, they give their serious attention.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as he has given them his earnings on which to keep house they are strengthened in this belief. Although all this entails many disadvantages, yet it has this advantage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that a woman lives more in the present than a man, and that she enjoys it more keenly if it is at all bearable. This is the origin of that cheerfulness which is peculiar to woman and makes her fit to divert man, and in case of need, to console him when he is weighed down by cares. To consult women in matters of difficulty, as the Germans used to do in old times, is by no means a matter to be overlooked; for their way of grasping a thing is quite different from ours, chiefly because they like the shortest way to the point, and usually keep their attention fixed upon what lies nearest; while we, as a rule, see beyond it, for the simple reason that it lies under our nose; it then becomes necessary for us to be brought back to the thing in order to obtain a near and simple view. This is why women are more sober in their judgment than we, and why they see nothing more in things than is really there; while we, if our passions are roused, slightly exaggerate or add to our imagination. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Women may be compared in this respect to an organism that has a liver but no gall-bladder. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because women in truth exist entirely for the propagation of the race, and their destiny ends here, they live more for the species than for the individual, and in their hearts take the affairs of the species more seriously than those of the individual. This gives to their whole being and character a certain frivolousness, and altogether a certain tendency which is fundamentally different from that of man; and this it is which develops that discord in married life which is so prevalent and almost the normal state. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is only the man whose intellect is clouded by his sexual instinct that could give that stunted, narrow-shouldered, broad-hipped, and short-legged race the name of\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 the fair sex}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ; for the entire beauty of the sex is based on this instinct. One would be more justified in calling them the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 unaesthetic sex}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~than the beautiful. Neither for music, nor for poetry, nor for fine art have they any real or true sense and susceptibility, and it is mere mockery on their part, in their desire to please, if they affect any such thing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rousseau }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Les femmes, en g\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9n\u233\'E9ral, n'aiment aucun art, ne se connoissent \u224\'E0 aucun et n'ont aucun g\u233\'E9nie}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he childish simplicity, for instance, with which they keep on chattering during the finest passages in the greatest masterpieces. If it is true that the Greeks forbade women to go to the play, they acted in a right way; for they would at any rate be able to hear something. In our day it would be more appropriate to substitute\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 taceat mulier in theatro}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~for\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 taceat mulier in ecclesia}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ; and this might perhaps be put up in big letters on the curtain. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And Huarte, in his book which has been famous for three hundred years,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Examen de ingenios para las scienzias}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , contends that women do not possess the higher capacities. Individual and partial exceptions do not alter the matter; women are and remain, taken altogether, the most thorough and incurable philistines; and because of the extremely absurd arrangement which allows them to share the position and title of their husbands they are a constant stimulus to his\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ignoble}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~ambitions. And further, it is because they are philistines that modern society, to which they give the tone and where they have sway, has become corrupted. As regards their position, one should be guided by Napoleon's maxim,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Les femmes n'ont pas de rang}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ; and regarding them in other things, Chamfort says very truly:\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Elles sont faites pour commercer avec nos faiblesses avec notre folie, mais non avec notre raison. Il existe entre elles et les hommes des sympathies d'\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9piderme et tr\u232\'E8s-peu de sympathies d'esprit d'\u226\'E2me et de caract\u232\'E8re}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\~ They are the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 sexus sequior}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the second sex in every respect, therefore their weaknesses should be spared, but to treat women with extreme reverence is ridiculous, and lowers us in their own eyes. When nature divided the human race into two parts, she did not cut it exactly through the middle! The difference between the positive and negative poles, according to polarity, is not merely qualitative but also quantitative. And it was in this light that the ancients and people of the East regarded woman; they recognised her true position better than we, with our old French ideas of gallantry and absurd veneration, that highest product of Christian-Teutonic stupidity. These ideas have only served to make them arrogant and imperious, to such an extent as to remind one at times of the holy apes in Benares, who, in the consciousness of their holiness and inviolability, think they can do anything and everything they please. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In India no woman is ever independent, but each one stands under the control of her father or her husband, or brother or son, in accordance with the law of Manu. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hume in his\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Essay on Suicide}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Denouncing suicide yo escape being denounced by it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~As a matter of fact, the author is cheating the reader as soon as he writes for the sake of filling up paper; because his pretext for writing is that he has something to impart. Writing for money and preservation of copyright are, at bottom, the ruin of literature. It is only the man who writes absolutely for the sake of the subject that writes anything worth writing. What an inestimable advantage it would be, if, in every branch of literature, there existed only a few but excellent books! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~As a matter of fact, the author is cheating the reader as soon as he writes for the sake of filling up paper; because his pretext for writing is that he has something to impart. Writing for money and preservation of copyright are, at bottom, the ruin of literature. It is only the man who writes absolutely for the sake of the subject that writes anything worth writing. What an inestimable advantage it would be, if, in every branch of literature, there existed only a few but excellent books! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are, first of all, two kinds of authors: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, it may be said that there are three kinds of authors. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}