{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Surfing a big wave is an incredible experience. It is Glorious. Imagine someone standing on the beach, watching someone surf, wanting that for themselves, then instead of paddling out they take a photo, go home, and photoshop themselves onto the wave. Sure, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve gotten onto the wave in the end, but they\u8217\'92ve missed the entire point\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they missed what feels like contact with Something Greater. And for what? Was it social validation they were after? Fame? A product to sell? Skewed minds are out here thinking the end product is what\u8217\'92s valuable\u8230\'85But how can you blame them? That\u8217\'92s the System, brah. And until you\u8217\'92ve surfed a big wave, you can\u8217\'92t possibly have any idea about what you\u8217\'92re missing out on. Why wouldn\u8217\'92t you think that a photo of yourself doing it is roughly equivalent?  Why can\u8217\'92t daydreaming about dropping into an epic left capture enough of the experience?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is why artists are the most selfish people. Surfers are selfish, too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They think the only experience that is valuable is the experience of looking at it when its finished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re impoverished.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}