{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide and said, \u8220\'93Toss it into the fire. Like Greskal\u8217\'92s prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto had his hands up now, as if to frame the significance of what he was about to say. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto eyed his sister with slack-jawed disbelief.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  knows that we all do what we want to do. Under everything, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how it is. The old witch believed you will want what is right, The dark witch thinks she knows you better.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah pulled on his robe as he swept by her. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if he isn\u8217\'92t the Burshageet, and that evil witch only said that he was to get you to kill him? What if he\u8217\'92s here to bring good?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto scoffed at this suggestion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet did not choose to die. She had a purpose in this world. She lived a thousand ages only to die here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up, and excitement lifted her cheeks. \u8220\'93Think about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Give that to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s more than one shard of fabled black in this world. I will eventually find another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Give it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And cut that final thread.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He smiled at the thought that he could mean such different thigns to different people, and he sobbed at the realization that all he was, and all he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever been, was that very difference. And once his dissembled self had been reduced to the sum of shifting differences between perceptions in other people, he began to sneak into apotheosis as a .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was here, all of him, and as he did not end, all of him meant every thing. He was stomach and skin, fingers and toes, the wind, dust swimming in beads of rain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But this could not be true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was absurd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was Mandrameen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He needed a word to define it, without a word he would succumb to the passion without ever realizing it. It would be invisible to him. He coudl anchor no  strartegy without a word. A word was brick to build with, a stone to throw,  space, to keep things separate, and it would all run ajumble and the fragile order imparted on the world through language would fall apart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behold, Mandrameen!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Breaker of worlds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maker of words.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skepticism was cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s empathy was warm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both their Sparks were near and infinitely separate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wanted to draw them closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wanted to keep them apart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled at the thought that he could mean such different things to different people, and he sobbed at the realization that all he was, and all he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever been, was that very difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He begged them both to stay, for he could never be lost so long as someone else was present. And in the end, they agreed, though Moto was sure to add, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll think better in the sun.\u8221\'94 So, they waited for the sun to rise and bring the fresh white light of day. Maybe then they would know what to do.}}