{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69886/pg69886-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69886/pg69886-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Beautiful Edinburgh, her gray warmed into gold by the summer sunshine, lies half-asleep at the foot of her Castle Rock, and dreams, through the peaceful present, of her stormy, impetuous past. Each grain of dust there is historic. The traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s every footstep wakes some memory of old days. Over castle and palace, broad way and narrow close, over Canongate, Grassmarket, Arthur\u8217\'92s Seat, over hills that environ and streams that link, a magician has cast his spell\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so intimately blending past and present, that we cannot look upon the one without remembering the other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To-day in sculptured marble, as erstwhile in life, the weaver of the spell yet guards his time-worn city, like the good genius of its fate. Passionless, mute, he sits brooding\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the bustle of existence all around him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 while the hound at his side gazes up at him, in rest unbroken as his own. The Scott monument\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is what rises before us; and the broad-browed, deep-eyed enchanter within, that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as every schoolboy knows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is the great Sir Walter Scott, the good, well-loving, dearly-loved Sir Walter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Poor Camp went over to the majority of dogs in January;}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93you either love cats, or you do not love them,\u8221\'94 says a witty author; and statistics go to prove that those who love cats are the majority to-day.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Our exclusive world is apt to choose its pets like its garments\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in accordance with the fashion of the day. Still, there are always a few people who prefer choosing for themselves; and from this independence queer intimacies often result. Accident, too, not infrequently cuts the knot of custom; while, furthermore, it is true of all that propinquity works wonders. We come by degrees to like what we live with; and discover merits on long acquaintance that a shorter one would not reveal.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69882/pg69882-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69882/pg69882-images.html}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I should certainly pour a propitiatory libation to Hermes, god of wayfarers, thieves, vagabonds, mendicants, and the like.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I think I began first to know the power of the poor, and to fall under their sway, when I was certainly not more than six years old. It must have been about then that I was learning to sew. This seems to have been a profession to which I was so temperamentally disinclined that my mother, to sweeten the task, was wont during the performance of it to read to me. While I sat on a hassock at her feet scooping an unwilling perpendicular needle in and out of difficult hems, my mother would read from one of many little chap-books and children's tracts, which were kept commonly in a flat wicker darning-basket in her wardrobe; little paper books held over from her own and her mother's childhood. They were illustrated with quaint woodcuts, and the covers of them were colored. I was allowed to choose which one was to be read.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One day\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "because the time was ripe," I suppose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I selected a little petunia-colored}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 3]\~one, outwardly very pleasing to my fancy. It contained the story and the pictures of a miserable beggar and a haughty and unfeeling little girl. He was in rags, and reclined, from feebleness I fancy, on the pavement; she walked proudly in a full-skirted dress, strapped slippers, and pantalets. She wore a dipping leghorn with streamers. Just over this she carried a most proud parasol; just under it a nose aristocratically, it may even be said unduly, high in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I think I need not dwell on the tale, save to say that it was one of the genus known as "moral." There was only one ending possible to the story: the triumph of humility, the downfall of pride and prosperity; swift and awful retribution falling upon her of the leghorn and pantalets. I believe they allowed her in the last picture a pallet of straw, a ragged petticoat, bare feet, clasped hands, and a prayerful reconciliation with her Maker. The story was rendered distinctly poignant for me by the fact that I possessed a parasol of pink "pinked silk," which was held on Sundays and certain other occasions proudly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it also\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 over a leghorn with streamers which dipped}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 4]\~back and front exactly as did the little girl's in the story. But never, never,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 once I had made the acquaintance of that story,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was my nose carried haughtily under it, when by chance I sighted one of that race so numerous and so ancient, so well known and so little known to us all. From that day I began to know the power of the poor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I can remember delectable candies that I did not buy, delicious soft cocoanut sticks that I never tasted, joys that I relinquished, hopes that I deferred, for the questionable but tyrannous comfort of a penny in an alien tin cup, and the inevitable "God bless you, little lady!" which, remembering her of the leghorn and pantalets, I knew to be of necessity more desirable than the delights I forewent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was an old blind man there in my home town, whom I remember very keenly. He used to go up and down, he and his dog, in front of the only caravansary the place boasted,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hotel Latonia,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tap-tap, tap-tapping. He had the peculiar stiff, hesitating walk of the blind, the strange expectant upward tilt of the face. He wore across his shoulder a strap on which was fastened a little tin cup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 5]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I used to see the drummers and leisurely men of a certain order, their chairs tilted back against the hotel wall, their heels in the chair-rungs, their hats on the back of their heads, their thumbs in their arm-holes, their cigars tilted indifferently to heaven, and they even cracking their jokes and slapping their knees and roaring with laughter, or perhaps yawning, perfectly unaware of the blind man, it seemed, while he passed by slowly, tap-tap, tap-tapping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But it was never thus with me. His cane tapped, not only on the pavement, but directly on my heart. You could have heard it, had you put your ear there. It may have seemed that his eyes were turned to the sky. That was but a kind of physical delusion. I knew better. In some occult way they were searching me out and finding me. I can give you no idea of the command of the thing. Perhaps I have no need to. Your own childhood\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is not improbable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 may have been under a similar dominion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If I thought to experiment and withhold my penny, I might escape the blind man for a while: I might elude him, for instance, while}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 6]\~the other members of the family and the guests in that old home of my childhood were gay and talkative at the supper-table; or afterward, when laughter and song drowned the lesser sounds; or while I stood safe in the loved shelter of my father's arm, listening to conversations I enjoyed, even though I could not understand them; or while, in the more intimate evenings, he took his flute from its case, screwed its wonderful parts together, and, his fingers rising and falling with magic and precision on the joined wood and ivory, played "Mary of Argyll" until I too heard the mavis singing. But later, later, when I lay alone in my bed in the nursery in the moonlight, or, if it were winter, in the waning firelight and the creeping shadows, then,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 then}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~there came up the stairs and through the rooms the sound of the blind man's cane, tap-tap, tap-tapping. He had come for his penny. And the next time I saw him, with a chastened spirit and a sense of escape I gave him two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But my own childish subserviency to the poor did not give me so great a sense of their power as my mother's relation to them. She, it seems, was perpetually at their service. Let}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 7]\~them but raise a hand indicating their need ever so slightly, and she moved in quick obedience, although it seemed she too must sometimes have wearied of such service. Guests were many and frequent in that old home, as I have elsewhere told; but these came either by announcement or by invitation; the poor, on the contrary, came unasked, unannounced, and exactly when they chose, as by royal prerogative. Indeed, many a time I have seen my mother excuse herself to a guest, to wait sympathetically upon a man or a woman with a basket,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it might be the queen of the gypsies, with vivid, memorable face; or the Wandering Jew in the very flesh; or it might be Kathleen ni Houlihan herself, all Erin looking out, haunting you, from her tragic old eyes,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 offering soap or laces at exorbitant prices, or other less useful wares, tendered for sale and excuse at the kitchen door.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another, it is true, came in his place, but he was of a wholly different type. He had not the old free manner of Musgrove, yet he was strangely appealing, too. He wore a beard and was stooped and spent and submissive, a man broken by fate. He did not complain. He did not wait rather grandly by the hall clock as Musgrove had done; no, but in the kitchen, about breakfast-time, biding the cook's not always cordial pleasure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In spite of my mother's sympathy,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which should certainly have made amends for any lack of it in the cook,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he had a way of slipping in and out with a little shrinking movement of his body, like the hound that does the same to escape a blow. One would have said that body and soul flinched. He limped stiffly,}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 11]\~and seemed always to have come a little dazed from far countries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 My mother took even a very keen interest in him. This man was more difficult to reach, but by that very token seemed no doubt the more worthy. He told no wonderful tales to tax your credulity. His very reticence was moving and hard to endure; the death of nine or seven children would have been less sad. He kept coming for quite a long time. Then the day dawned\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a day quite like any other, I suppose, though it should have been dark with cloudy portent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when, by some slight misstep, some trifling but old reference on his part when his mind was off its guard, my mother discovered, as by a sudden lightning flash, that this\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Musgrove.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 As I read, I was aware of a strange intrusion:}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 15]\~a bent form in baggy trousers and rusty coat stooped under the weight of an old and worn harp; behind him, bent also, but by no visible burden, an old man with a violin entered the gateway of the arbor. They came very slowly and deliberately, yet without pause or uncertainty. They did not introduce themselves, being, I knew instantly, quite above such plebeian need. They asked no permission, nor solicited any tolerance. They spoke not a word. It was as if they had long outgrown the need of such earthly trivialities.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The old violin, more lordly, made no concession}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 16]\~whatever to harmony; he tuned or touched not a string, but with a really kingly gesture put his instrument in the worn hollow of his shoulder, laid his head and cheek over against it, as though lending his whole soul to listen, raised the bow, held it for an immortal instant over the strings, and then drew out a long preliminary note\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 on, on, on, to the very quivering tip of the bow.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Musical beggars! I have seen them often since, in one guise or another. Sometimes they trumpet on the trombone or cornet, or blow fearful blasts upon the French horn; I have known them to finesse upon the flute or flageolet. These differences are but inconsiderable. Always I find them equally mighty. I have thought sometimes to get past them with giving them only a great deal more than I could afford. Useless frugality! futile economy!}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 23]\~For still they will be laying ghostly hands upon you; still will they be exacting a heavier tribute and demanding that gold and silver of the soul which, as Plato is so well aware, is how infinitely more precious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Though to outward appearance they are busy with their instruments, how they lay ghostly hands upon your imagination. How they conjure up before the inward eye themselves as they might have been, to levy a new tax upon you. The man with the horn, he who plays always off the key, and always a little ahead of the others, he, it is now mysteriously revealed to you, had meant perhaps, at the very least, to play in an orchestra. And the baggy battered old violin was to have wiped his heated brow with a grand gesture, and bowed condescendingly over his collar to metropolitan audiences, had not his dreams so unaccountably miscarried. And the old thread-bare harp-player, his shabbiness and his bitter face to the contrary notwithstanding, had meant, had really meant, to pluck some sweetness out of life. And the harp itself (yes, even so extensive is the occult power they wield) makes its own special appeal to you,}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 24]\~and with its taste for delicacy seems suddenly like a dull tormented thing, swaying and trembling under the stiff sullen fingers of its master, there on the garish pavement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an instrument which, but for the uncertainty of life (ah, the uncertainty of life!), might have responded how devotedly, in the tempered light of a curtained alcove, to the touch of delicate fingers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 All this they conjure up before the mind's eye, ere they stop their excruciating playing. Then the violin, at the very moment that should have been his gracious one, counts the miserably few pennies. The sullen horn, his instrument tucked under his arm, goes on, still a stave ahead of the rest, a sodden expression in his eyes. The old harpist swings the harp rudely over his shoulder, and gives the strap an extra twitch to ease the dull weight, and they are off to fresh pavements and districts new. I have seen great tragedians. I have sat through the sleep-walking scene in "Macbeth." I have heard Banquo knock. I have seen Juliet waken too late in the Capulet tomb and call for Romeo: "O comfortable friar! Where is my lord?" In my schoolgirl}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 25]\~days I saw Booth in his great parts; but none of these master-scenes and fine harmonies have stirred in me so intolerable an emotion of pity or sense of fatality as an old horn, or harp and violin, grouped on a garish pavement, their lives dedicated to cheap music fearfully off the key.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/50008/pg50008-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/50008/pg50008-images.html}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~The people generally known to us as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kach\u225\'E1ris\u8221\'94 differ in some material ways from their Hindu and Musulm\u225\'E1n neighbours alike in things material and moral. They are certainly not a tall or handsome race, and in general appearance bear some resemblance to the Nep\u225\'E1li, being as a rule shorter and stouter than the people of North-west India, though well fitted to bear up against physical fatigue and hardship.\~PhysicalIn face and figure they show a distinct approximation to what is known as the Mongolian type,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 i.e.}{\f0\fs24\b0 , they have square set faces, projecting cheek-bones, with almond-shaped eyes, and scanty beard and moustache, the last-mentioned being often wanting altogether. In this way they are well fitted for all forms of outdoor (field and factory) labour that require strength rather than skill, and may very reasonably be regarded as the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93navvies\u8221\'94 of}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 2. In mental and intellectual power they are undoubtedly far below their Hindu neighbours; for they possess neither the quickness of apprehension, nor the astonishing power of memory, &c., characteristic of the higher castes among the Hindus. On the other hand, what they do succeed in mastering, often with much toil and painful effort, they digest and retain with much tenacity. Among other social and mental features of character there are two which are seldom wanting to the\~[}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/50008/pg50008-images.html#pb2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kach\u225\'E1ri\u8221\'94: (1) he is an intensely clannish being. A fine imposed on one member of a village community is sometimes paid by the whole body of villagers together. When employed in any considerable numbers on a tea factory, the Kach\u225\'E1ri labourers so employed, resenting some real or fancied wrong done to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 one}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of their number, will often leave the garden in a body, even though there may be a month\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pay due to every one of them. Again they have (2) no small share of that quality so powerful for good or evil, according as it is guided into right or wrong channels,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 i.e.}{\f0\fs24\b0 , a certain strength of will, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93what their friends might call firmness, and their enemies might term obstinacy.\u8221\'94 If they once make up their minds, and they are abundantly capable of doing this, to act in a certain way, it is mere waste of time to attempt to reason them out of their resolution, for nothing short of absolute and overpowering physical force is of any avail to turn them from the course they have once for all resolved to adopt and act upon}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~told him some years ago by an officer in charge of the subdivision of Mangaldai, the late A. J. Primrose, I.C.S. A Kach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u225\'E1ri of Sekh\u225\'E1r Mauza was brought before this magistrate on a charge (manslaughter) involving a very heavy penalty, when he without hesitation admitted his guilt, though the evidence against him was of the slightest, or at least utterly insufficient to secure a conviction. The relations of the sexes too are on the whole of a very sound and wholesome character, far more so probably than in many countries boasting of a higher civilisation. Infant marriage is as yet unknown among them, and so far as the present writer has been able to ascertain during the past forty years, the young people are as a rule chaste before marriage and true to their marriage vows in after-life. But it must be clearly understood that all this holds good of the Kach\u225\'E1ri in his simple, patriarchal, village life, and there only. His innocence is the innocence of ignorance, not the innocence of experience: and he is as a rule free from certain forms of evil because in his village life he has never come under any temptation to indulge in them. When contaminated by civilization,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 e.g.}{\f0\fs24\b0 , when brought into contact with our civil and criminal courts, much of this innocence must inevitably disappear; and of this sad deterioration of character any man who has been long in the country, and learnt to know the people well, must have experienced many melancholy and painful illustrations.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }