{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just then, a shrill and steady whistle sounded out from the desert and pushed out all other concerns. It was a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warble. It grew louder and louder until it was ten times louder than any shriek any bird could ever make. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri screamed for help, but his plea were drowned out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram and Elrahet must have heard him because both regarded Mandri as if he were insane. Somehow they were still standing, even unbothered. Then the whistling jumped into a higher pitch, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin jumped with it. A tickling pain spread from his belly to his head and toes, and he rolled onto his side and began to squirm. His eyes rolled around in their sockets, twitching and turning as if a bug was biting his ocular nerve. Then the whistling jumped again and he lost all control of his lungs and abdomen. His chest began to pound in sympathy with his heart, then all his limbs convulsed. Elrahet reached out to keep his head from thumping against the stone, but just as she did, his stomach retched, his chest heaved, and a dim gray formless cloud spewed out out his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The strange cloud hovered just above his lips for the briefest spell, and then the whistling shifted its register again, higher still into a pitch reserved for spririts, and the smoke shot right towards sun-pricked wall. It filtered through the stipple-pricked holes. Mandri turned to watch the cloud leave. He lost sight of it for a moment against the bright midday sky, then found it again as it dove towards the distant column of Hrks arrayed on the desert. As it fell, the whistling fell into a drowning timbre, until, with a flash, the ball of smoke and the whistling were snuffed out altogether, apparently swallowed by a figure at the head of the Hrkan column\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a figure much shorter than the rest and robed in black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound loosed a terror inside his gut, and he felt the urge to yelp again, only he physically couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. His throat was somehow absent. His lungs were belted flat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s happened!?\u8221\'94 Ayram yelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet gathered Mandri up in her bony clutches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at me!\u8221\'94 she croaked, and upon seeing the fright in Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes, she shouted \u8220\'93Breathe! Breathe in, you idiot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to gulp the air, but could not draw any of it in. He could make no sound, not even an odd squelching sounded as he swallowed, for his whole mouth was as dry as his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve stolen it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stole what!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His breath!\u8221\'94 Elrahet lamented. She squeezed Mandri\u8217\'92s ribs, but it was fruitless. She pried open his jaw and peered into his mouth}}