{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I love your openness and candidness Vince! The Algorithm rarely blesses like this.\line \line However!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I think you misrepresent the modernist view, more specifically, why an enlightenment liberal would be confused as to why an otherwise intelligent person would call themselves a Christian.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {While Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 message is great, there is very little in it which is truly unique. You say that, for historical-critical Christians, Jesus was very close to that truth. But what about Mozi and his principle of universal love? Or the writers of Sumerian wisdom literature who taught that we should love our enemies? Why single out Jesus and become a \u8216\'91Christian\u8217\'92? Why is that label necessary? Why not label yourself as a }{\f0\fs24\b0 Baha'i}{ and say that all these people, and others, had some grasp the Ultimate and that they are all worth careful study?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the issue of faith in miracles. You address this, but not well enough to my taste. If \u8216\'91modernism/liberalism\u8217\'92 is being liberated from received wisdom, thus allowing us to construct only those models of reality which the evidence can actually support, well, none of these models would include violations of the laws of physics.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I know there have been attempt by some, such as Frank Tipler, to resolve this issue by working out how the miracles of the bible *didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t* break the laws of physics. But these attempts are not very well considered. I would still argue that one cannot believe in physical miracles and be otherwise intelligent (from a modernist understanding of the world intelligent. Frank Tipler is certainly intelligent in other ways).}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Like you say, one might claim that the resurrection was a spiritual one. Well, this doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t resolve cleanly either, though perhaps I\u8217\'92ll have to read more on this. The main concern is, where is the *evidence* of a spiritual reality? Where is the evidence that this spiritual reality would involve the preservation of an individual\u8217\'92s identity? How do we know that some make it to this spiritual realm, and some don\u8217\'92t? Why does our earthly life play into it? There is a whole host of assumptions here which are not supported by the actual evidence available to us. Your personal brush with the divine is not sufficient.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Ultimately, I think the issue here comes down to how you define \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Christian\u8217\'92. Everyone thinks they\u8217\'92re the \u8216\'91one true Christian\u8217\'92, and so I have some sympathy with your definition. But this definition effectively eliminates any sensible conversation; it does not help us investigate the world. Your definition allows for someone to say, \u8220\'93I am a Christian and I am an Atheist.\u8221\'94 They may earnestly believe both these claims, for example, they may be a \u8216\'91Cultural Christian\u8217\'92 and an Aesthetic Deist, which is arguably a form of theism, but if we\u8217\'92re defining labels so broadly, why not entertain it if that\u8217\'92s what they call themselves? }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The fact is, if we were to chart this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Atheist Christian\u8217\'92s\u8217\'92 specific beliefs, they would not group with the targets that the question \u8220\'93Can you be a Christian in the age of Erhman\u8221\'94 is referring to. A good faith response to the liberal\u8217\'92s concern would not be to redefine the question out of existence, as you seem to be doing. You should, instead, consider precisely the types of beliefs that the modernist\u8217\'92s question is directed towards, and answer that.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Broadly speaking, I think the answer to that question is a resounding \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8221\'94. It\u8217\'92s not reasonable to believe in physical miracles, or even a particular version of spiritual reality. The body of evidence does not support it.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Also, I would not frame the question as you did.  I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m referring to the whole \u8216\'91age of Erhman\u8217\'92 thing. This feels very bad faith though I know you didn\u8217\'92t mean it that way. Christians often like to paint enlightenment thinking as simply following along with secular prophets (Darwin/Erhman/etc), because that\u8217\'92s what Christians often do with biblical prophets. Nothing could be further from the truth. I don\u8217\'92t even like Ehrman all that much; he seems a little too eager to make money. Something like \u8216\'91Age of Historical Criticism\u8217\'92 would have been better.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Sorry for the wall of text.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain }