{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things are so much more interesting when they move. Mandri used to paint pictures of great cormin lizards sprinting along the sand. These were real dynamic pieces that took forever to compose. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pull out all the tricks but could never get beyond the mere }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 suggestion }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of movement. Like, he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t paint the lizard mid-leap, because if he did that the lizard would, paradoxically, feel static. It would feel flat, like it was fly-swatted onto the canvas. Instead, he\u8217\'92d the lizard it right before it was about to jump. He\u8217\'92d try to capture that coiled energy rippling in the hind legs and tail. It was the suggestion of something about-to-happen. That was always more dramatic than something currently-happening. It still sucked compared to the real thing. It sucked compared to the fact that, when high, he could watch the salt that stained his field ooze up out the ground. Now }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was fascinating. The salt had been working its way up into the soil since he bought the place.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Do you have any conception of eternity? Kuts on kuts. Eternity. Conssequences.\u8217\'92(mark zuckerberg) I feel like you\u8217\'92re not getting it. Give this to salavan as he hovers over Mandrameen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is only one mention of mid. A heretical creation story.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When the land was pulled up from the waters it came out as a solid whole, one ocean surrounding one earth. When the sun rose it rose for everyone at once. Then it is said that Mid, in an attempt to prevent humanity from trampling his brother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s garden, smashed his fists into the ground and split the land in two. In one cataclysmic afternoon Jandree became an island continent. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How great the trembling must have been when the Hias mountains were torn apart, when valleys once green were flooded by the onrushing ocean waves. How incredible it had to be to see all manner of fish and shark and whale tumble into the bottomless trench that Mid had opened up. But when Mid pushed Jandree out into the ocean he unwittingly pushed it closer to the sun. Thus the lush environs of the Jandree heartland withered and decayed to dust. In his bid to save the his brother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s garden from the ravages of humanity, Mid had destroyed it instead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To add insult to injury, humans made it over to Jandree anyways. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Most of these ancient settlers sailed around the Zosan horn to farm the banks of the Jeket river, which was and is the best land in all the world. Early maps would dot their cities with silver leaf and would circle them with tiny drawings of doves alighting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Meskalim, meanwhile, was nothing but a nameless black dot sitting halfway down the cursed Shalbrumont Strait - if it was dotted at all. Nobody cared for a small flesh market that merchant barges tried to skip as they plowed the Shalbrumont\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mighty currents. This all changed when a young slave daughter slipped and fell into a hole. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What that girl was doing in the foothills of the Hias mountains so far from the city, only Solraheen knows. It is rumored that she had been feasting on black burgeons and fell into a devilish trance. The rumors say she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t fall down into the abyss but willingly climbed in, because the hole in which she was found was nothing but a black sliver in the grass - they say you had to be led to it. But that\u8217\'92s all back matter, for what\u8217\'92s important is that when she was pulled from the earth her tattered hands were clutching a nugget of gold.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The shepherd who found her went back to that crack the next day with an oil lamp. Before he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten twelve feet down his eye caught the glint of a gold stringer slanting down through the granite. He shimmied down to it, followed it through another tight-fitting pocket, and there in that fractured bit of earth he found a webbed vein of gold that was wider than his arms could stretch. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mines poured into the hills. This was long before the times of Hrkkan science so no real thought was given to managing the uncountable tonnes of rock that was pressing down on the blooming network of tunnels. When the people of Meskalim dug into the earth they put up wood beams and packed the walls tight with a stiffening mud, but that was it. They didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t understand that the granite there was fiercely jointed and that a beam supporting one rock is doing nothing for another just a few inches away. The odd cave-in should have served as a warning. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One might be tempted to say they were blinded by greed but that wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t the whole truth - they simply didn\u8217\'92t have the knowledge to see the danger. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In time, Meskalim became a golden city on the maps of a golden age. Its thousand white domes were enameled with sacred geometry. Its boulevards were filled with all the peoples of the world. Its army was twice the size of any other. Its port was the very center of the earth. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All of this because of gold. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gold. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As bright and as immutable as the divine. Leave it in the dirt for a million years and it will stay as brilliant as the day it was interred. Roll it around in your hands and you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be struck with a yearning akin to spiritual rapture, a yearning for more, for as much as you can get. There is a spirit in that metal that warps the hearts of men.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The folk of Meskalim devoted their lives to its call. They followed the gold wherever the it went, and it went everywhere, even under the city itself. At the peak of the frenzy it would have been easier to map out the strips of remaining granite than to try to get a handle on the maze of tunnelwork. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then one unlucky day a miner slammed his pick into the wrong hairline crack. He assumed he was far enough back from the waters of the Shabrumont, but as soon as his iron smacked the granite wall a jet of water shot out. In minutes the mines were flooded, and when the thinned bedrock fell, the golden city above fell with it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 More than five hundred thousand people were swallowed up by the earth. In those ancient times it was the greatest loss of life that had ever been recorded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But humans are redoubtable creatures when gold is at hand, so it didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for the city to be rebuilt from scratch further south. Meskalim the second swelled anew, though it would never be as grand as the first. Not nearly as grand, for whenever a nugget of gold was pulled from the earth it was stored in a porthouse before being shipped across the strait as fast as possible. Folks feared the earth might open up at any time to eat their treasures. Common sense demanded that the wealth would be better used elsewhere.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And so Meskalim\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s temple was poor and its people poorer. Its streets weren\u8217\'92t laid out with any sense, much less paved. These mucky avenues didn\u8217\'92t even adhere to the natural contours of the land because when someone wanted to build a house they just plopped it down wherever. And these houses were ugly things, couldn\u8217\'92t even be called houses - they were dwellings, crumpled slugs of mud, lumber, and straw with windowless walls that were all askew. There wasn\u8217\'92t a true roof beam in all the lower city. A horde of these things were smashed up against each other like the place was one big deposit of mud that the Istil wind had just happened to blow together.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t seen Meskalim in over three years. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If he hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t been drinking his burgeon beer all the way down into the city, it would have been exactly how he remembered it - derelict and depressing. Instead, the burgeons had gotten him so high that he mistook the ramshackle cityscape for beauty. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The rain was helping that vision along.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It helped with the smell, at least. It wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t a drowning rain but a wispy rain that always seems to be on the verge of letting up, so it wasn\u8217\'92t }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 too}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  dark and dreary. For Mandrameen it was even brighter than that because the burgeons had blown his pupils so wide open that the smallest ounce of light was enough to make things bright and glistening. To him, every surface sparkled. The very air around him dazzled. Cool muck welled up between his toes as he splashed along Meskalim\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s streets and this, too, seemed flecked with a radiant light.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen knew that this was more than just light playing with wetness. It seemed as if the sparkling bits of light themselves were tangible, like he could get them glommed up in between his fingertips and eat them. The longer he stopped and stared at one spot the more he became convinced that the burgeonsight was revealing to him the true nature of things, that a kind of oily celestial film coated all matter.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He lingered in the middle of an empty crossroad, surrounded by some of the blobbiest mud-caked slums in all of Meskalim, each topped off with little nipple chimneys protruding from their roofs. Mandrameen stood there motionless, back hunched, scraggly beard drenched, brown tunic slipping off his shoulder, for he was struck dumb by the sight of four clay pots set up against a peeling wall. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Like everything else, these pots were coated in that sparkling film, but the striking thing about them was that they weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t wet. They couldn\u8217\'92t be wet because they were sheltered from the rain by an awning. Up until now, Mandrameen had assumed that the dancing, sparkling light was just the burgeonsight exaggerating the natural world, the simple wetness of it, but those pots were dry. They shouldn\u8217\'92t have been sparkling. Funny enough, there was also a small grey pup shivering alongside them, a dry pup, and he was sparkling too. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then it occurred to Mandrameen to look at his own skin, and sure enough, sparkling on top of his blood stained palm was that same substance. He tried to touch the little sparkles, tried to rub them off the back of his hand, but that was no good because his fingers were sparkling too. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He knew that light from wetness rolls over a surface as the surface rolls around because that kind of light is just a reflection, but the bright sparkles Mandrameen saw seemed stuck to his skin. They stayed put, moved with the skin instead of rolling over it. Sure, they rolled around a little but it seemed more like they were stuck to his skin.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then he tried to taste them, so he put his fingers to his tongue. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Immediately his mouth was flooded with a flavor he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d never known, like he\u8217\'92d just bit down on a juicy melon, only it didn\u8217\'92t taste like any melon at all. He couldn\u8217\'92t place the taste. Didn\u8217\'92t think it was possible. It should only be described by comparing it to abstract things. It tasted like the smell of a field of wildflowers. It was honey mixed with the the vigor of youth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He squealed with delight. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He bent down and scraped out a dollop of mud with his finger, then licked it. Again his mouth was flooded with that flavor. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He rushed over to one of the clay pots, the dry ones, and made sure to lick it where the lightstuff was dancing with the most vibrancy. Again he tasted that divine flavor. Then he picked up the dog and licked its scruff, and there it was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He squealed with delight. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OOHhh!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Get lost you freak!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The disgust in that voice shook Mandrameen so much that he dropped the pup and it scurried away. He pulled his knife and turned around, but there was no one there, nothing but glistening mud, soggy doors, wet thatching, and the sound of rain plunking off discarded tin. He couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see the villager eyes peeping out at him, peeping out at a young skinny man standing there in the muck, knife drawn, having just licked the hide of a poor little pup like a maniac. Mandrameen couldn\u8217\'92t see those eyes but he could damn well feel them. Each dark threshold might just as well have been a person leering out at him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You do not see what I see!\u8221\'94 Mandrameen shouted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Get lost!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri shuddered and turned from side to side, his blade threatening each door as he did. Again he felt the need to defend his sanity.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I see Sol\u8217\'92s light!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93GET LOST!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen yelped, for that shout seemed to come from just behind his ear. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He took off running.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He ran and ran, following the road wherever it was going. He stopped when he realized that he was liable to slip and stab himself, so he put his knife away and paused, hands on his knees, to catch his breath. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Straight ahead of him, a little ways off, was Meskalim\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s central hill. It towered the rooftops and clumps of white buildings clung like barnacles to its cliffs. These were the various offices of government and the mansions of the people who staffed them. Chief among them was the house of Salavan Soreen. It claimed a privileged vista set above the hill\u8217\'92s cliff face. Its balconies leered over the rest of the city below, over Mandrameen. Reminded Mandrameen what the hell he was doing. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri set off at a determined trot. Along the way he stole a blue ragged sash that someone was letting wash in the rain. In his mind it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t stealing because he filled its spot on the laundry line with the Soreel\u8217\'92s leather scabbard. He wouldn\u8217\'92t need it. His plan was to roll Soreel\u8217\'92s knife up in the sash and tie it around his waist. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten the sash knotted up he found that if he bent forward a bit then the bulge of the knife\u8217\'92s handle would get lost amongst the folds. So he walked that, stooping a little, all the way up Meskalim\u8217\'92s hill. After a while he came upon Salavan\u8217\'92s house, or rather, Salavan\u8217\'92s wall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hated walls. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d gone too far beyond their original purpose. The first walls were knee-high stacks of stones set out in pastures to mark a boundary between goat herds. Then along with the first settled villages there came palisades to defend against barbarian raids. The day the wall moved }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 inside}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  a city, to circumscribe a mansion\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ground, that\u8217\'92s when they became perverse. For almost all of human history, a people, a tribe, they lived, worked, and shared together - then came the interior wall, setting in stone for the rest of time a division between rich and poor .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s wall the most perverse of them all. It was huge, four-men tall. Most walls that big in a place as wet as Meskalim are streaked with grime dripping down to the street, but Salavan\u8217\'92s wall was pristine. Its plaster was as smooth and as white as the day it was slathered on. No doubt Salavan spent more money cleaning that wall than he spent on bread for widows, or bread for orphans, or anything for anyone. That wall was more important than human life, more important than Mandri\u8217\'92s life, and that\u8217\'92s what really made his blood boil. That wall\u8217\'92s raw materials could buy at least fifty Mandrameens. It\u8217\'92s maintenance? At least five Mandris a year.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stood there in front of the wall, taking in it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s breadth, his burgonsight warping all the little dimples and scratches and faint handprints left in the plaster. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that the wall was daring him, like a schoolyard bully, to just try it and see what happens.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then Mandri revised his judgment: this wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t the }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 most}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  perverse wall. That honor went to the decorative walls he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d seen on journey up this palatial hill to this one. Those chest-high walls wouldn\u8217\'92t do anything to stop a mob from breaking in. They had no actual function other than appearances. Salavan\u8217\'92s wall, on the other hand, could actually do a job. It could stall a hungry mob just long enough for a private army of paid-off thugs to come along and start cracking skulls.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two of those thugs were already there, stationed on either side of the ironwood gate. They were huddled up close to it, seeking shelter from the rain under the gate\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s arch. They were as sodden as Mandri, and like everything else, the burgeonsight was making them sparkle, though that didn\u8217\'92t stop them from looking like demons.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the best of light, a thug\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face is an unsettling thing. A lifetime of trading violence for money fixes a man\u8217\'92s expression into a state in a permanent of concern, and once the brow and cheek gets slashed with scars, the whole thing takes on a look of purified misery. Then blur that face with rain, twist it with burgeonsight, and you\u8217\'92ve got a demon\u8217\'92s face that could chill the bravest spine. That\u8217\'92s what Mandri saw when he looked at those two thugs guarding the gate, he saw full-blooded demons, and half-human limbs, sprouting out of blue tunics.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And they had swords. They were arming swords clipped to belt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s rational mind was insisting that they weren\u8217\'92t actually demons, that it was just the burgeonsight making them look that way. The rest of him would have believed if it weren\u8217\'92t for that fact that Mandri had just seen a demon-witch fly into his ox and rip out its stomach.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps Salavan was a greater demon than even Pella. Mandri thought that was a reasonable thing to expect, considering it was Pella who had told him to go to Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s house. And if that was reasonable, then it was also reasonable to say that the two men guarding that gate weren\u8217\'92t men, because if Salavan was a demon, well, what demons do is they eat men\u8217\'92s souls, they don\u8217\'92t employ them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It could be that these two were merely thralls caught in some enchantment.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind ran through a number of other possibilities, none of them good. He settled, tentatively, on the idea that the burgeonsight revealed the truth and showed these \u8216\'91men\u8217\'92 for what they were: actual demons. They couldn\u8217\'92t be fully-fledged demons, because fully-fledged demons should be tasked with more important things than watching a gate. They should greasing the feet of backsliding priests, or tricking young beauties into thinking that taking it up the bum doesn\u8217\'92t count.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It then occurred to Mandri that he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know why he was actually seeking out Salavan Soreen. Ostensibly, he was here to kill him, but he hadn\u8217\'92t actually considered just not showing up. Pella had told him to go and see, and now here he was, about to see. He went cold with fear at the thought that he was not fully in control of his own faculties.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe it was just the burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He looked at the two demons and asked them bluntly, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have I been cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The two demons, faces swirling, looked at each other and laughed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Git yous butt gawn,\u8221\'94 one of them said. With lilt that thick, if he really was a demon, he was a demon who grew up in the sun-slums of Jeket. If a demon had a regional accent, it should be a little more guttural, more fierce. That accent didn\u8217\'92t match up with the sparkling, melting, bubbling mass of horror that was its demon face.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri caught his wits and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here to see Salavan Soreen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The two demons looked at each other.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of them asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The other asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whatchu gotta knife fur?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked down and saw that he was gripping his knife so tight that his knuckles were white. He saw how it looked and stumbled through an apology. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.. Uh\u8230\'85 sorry. I guess I don\u8217\'92t trust you two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well I ain fackin trust you, bitch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The right demon pulled his short sword from its scabbard and brandished it towards Mandrameen. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Put that knife away or I\u8217\'92ll cut your fingers off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here because Pella sent me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pella sent you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Immediately, the demon sheathed his sword. The sun-slum demon leaned back against the gate. Evidently, they had been expecting him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Drop the knife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t let ya in with that knife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92n be a rule.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you want to go in, you have to drop the knife. Or you can leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri paused. It seemed unwise to give up the knife. If he handed it over and took a step forward, he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be ambling into the clutches of a  demon king without the means to defend himself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Probably, he would die. Even with the knife he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d probably die.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If, instead, he ran away, he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be free to return to his barren, oxless field.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There, without food, he would die. Maybe Pella would find him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was doomed either way.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps there was some third way that his life\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s path could take, one that didn\u8217\'92t lead to a swift end. In that respect, Mandri was incapable of considering alternative options. The burgeons had rooted him to the present. Even sober, Life\u8217\'92s infinite well of opportunity was usually invisible to Mandri. So, it was either die of starvation, or die struggling in the clutches of demons, and one of those options seemed much more interesting to him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri dropped the knife.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then the demon on the right opened the gate\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cutout door and motioned Mandri on in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as Mandri crossed the threshold, the door clanged behind.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The garden holds a sacred place in Jandri cosmology. Every distinguished person who is looking to appear the part has one. Mandri had seen his fair share. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d walked under the royal palms of Skriniar, and he\u8217\'92d seen the terraced falls of Luzee. His favorite, by far, was the roselily pond of Delfikood. None of them compared to Salavan\u8217\'92s garden, not because Salavan\u8217\'92s was better, they just weren\u8217\'92t comparable. All those other gardens were thirsty greenscapes, accented by vibrant petals and the glow of the atmosphere reflecting off water. Salavan\u8217\'92s garden was a garden of stone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had been to countless parties where slush-drunk revelers would try outdo each other with stories of exotic gardens, and he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d never once heard of a garden composed entirely of curated stone. So, when Mandri stepped through Salavan\u8217\'92s gate and onto a plain of bone-white pebbles, he gasped.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was a true garden. It obeyed all the rules a young artist learns when scribbling out compositions for clients. First and foremost is to establish a hierarchy of form; if there are stones they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to come in  sizes: big, medium, and small. Arrange them in such a way so as to draw the eye, or in this case, a person, through the maze of perception and towards what is important. It was about contrast. Most rules of thumb in art have to do with manipulating contrast. Sharp against soft. Dark against light. Many against few. Big against little. Here, a rippling sea of smooth white pebbles bounced up against jagged knots of granite, granite which grew in size as the snow-white stone pooled in the middle of the yard, in the center of which stood a towering spike of Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t believe his eyes. Outside of the Jeket\u8217\'92s cavern temples, he\u8217\'92d only seen tiny fragments of Fabled Black in satin lined boxes, resting on pillows, shielded by glass. Here was an jagged obelisk of it, as tall and as wide as the four-story sandstone pillars that held up the roof of the great mansion behind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to blink out the vision, but he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t, because there it was, Fabled Black, the skewering stone, a shard of the firmament, the quintessence of night. If it were a tree, and the pebbles, grass, and the granite, bushes, it all would have been too deliberate, a stilted garden, devoid of the vibrant spontaneity of Nature. But it was a god-killing stone, and so the stasis, the absence of vibrant life, that was the point.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri walked up to the obelisk. He saw his own reflection in its surface sheen split by streaks of rain.  He looked worse than he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d ever been; eyes red and witless, face gaunt and sallow, lips cracked, and his sodden hair clung to his skull, making him look like death.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An unbidden voice rose out of the ether behind him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This stone makes the most wondrous pigment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri turned. There, standing five feet behind, was a massive man. He stood a whole head taller than Mandri and was thrice his size. His barrel of a body was draped in a white silk robe, and his face was Jandrian through and through: high cheeks, a strong brow, and narrow eyes. His slicked back hair was thick and white, white as his robe, and his beard was oiled and brushed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t look like a demon. Though the burgeonsight played on his features, he looked nothing like those guards at the gate. There was a genteel air about him, accentuated, perhaps, by the fact that he kept his great bulk dry through the use of a tiny, black-lacquered umbrella.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This fat man looked past Mandrameen towards the obelisk and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It makes a black that rivals the crow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri snuck a look behind at the Fabled Black. He wanted to ask how this man had come into possession of such a thing, and why he dared to keep it outdoors. A spire of Fabled Black like this must be worth a mountain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am Salavan,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93And you are the great Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am Mandrameen, but I would not say that .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense. I love your work. I was hoping that some day you\u8217\'92d find your way to my door.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri spread his arms out to present himself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here I am,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And I see you\u8217\'92ve found my stone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes I was suprised to see such wonder veiled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan spent into a girth shaking chuckle, then walked up the to the Fabled Black and set his meaty hand upon it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is incredible isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is. A small sliver of the comet that buried Solraheen. I would ask how it got here, but I suspect I know the answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It isn\u8217\'92t stolen, if that\u8217\'92s what you are getting at. I paid for it. Paid for it with bribes, but nonetheless I paid for it. Provisions for the smuggling alone cost me thirty-five silver strings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds like stealing to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I paid for it. So what if that money went to poorer people than it was supposed to. If anything, what I did was an act of charity. Besides, a thing like this belongs in a place of prominence, not shuttered away in some dim-lit Jeketian cave. Here, it\u8217\'92s out in the air, where it should be. You can touch it if you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, there\u8217\'92s no need.\u8221\'94 Salavan pulled his hand away. \u8220\'93Merely being in its presence is enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes ran up the stone\u8217\'92s spine. Fabled Black was notorious for its aura. A small shard of it could make the happiest child feel chill and rotten. Here in such quantity, that feeling crept down to the bone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shuddered and looked away. The rain was starting to let up. He gazed up into the sky and let the droplets sprinkle his face. Rain had an aura, too. It was depressing just like Fabled Black. Mandri would often wonder why it was that things falling from the sky should make him feel depressed. Perhaps it had to do with color. An anvil storm was colored gray-to-black, and Fabled Black was, well, black, so perhaps grays and blacks have a deadening effect on the soul. Mandri didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like that explanation because he didn\u8217\'92t go in for phenomenological theories of color; it was a point of professional pride to be able to say, \u8216\'91I can make any color make you feel whatever I want\u8217\'92. With that ruled out, there were only two other options: either the heavens were a void of a despair and these elemental things were infused with it, or in the grand cosmology of the universe, earth is a disappointing place, and so things cast down upon it radiate a longing to be somewhere else. Mandri liked that explanation. It meant that the source of all despair was set much closer to the ground, and since human beings live in that clime, well, it all made too much sense.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can feel the weight of history coming from it,\u8221\'94 Salavan said. \u8220\'93The Black feels alive. In a very real sense, it is alive. I can\u8217\'92t wait to show you what comes of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pella sent me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I am aware. Come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan respectfully skirted around his treasured stone and led Mandri towards his home.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The way Salavan moved, it was dainty and concerned, completely at odds with his massive bulk. He was careful to keep the hem of his robe out of any puddles, and His umbrella was so small that he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t walk at stride without the rain splashing his legs, so he sort of shuffled across his stone yard. He looked to Mandri like a pig like a  picking its way through a briar patch . }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once inside the safety of his grand portico, Salavan shook his umbrella dry and gave Mandrameen a practiced look of concern.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re soaked,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get you dried off. A towel and some clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen glanced back towards the outer gate. He said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, that\u8217\'92s fine. I won\u8217\'92t be long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense, I insist.\u8221\'94 Salavan said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t be long. I just came find out if-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, you are coming inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan clapped his hands and a servant boy rushed out of some hidden orifice carrying a towel. When he was dried and fitted with linen tunic that ended at the knees, the two of them proceeded apace.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you like my home?\u8221\'94 Salavan said \u8220\'93It cost me fifty silver strings to import the lumber to burn the lime for the plaster. And that\u8217\'92s just for the interior wall. The plaster for the outer wall, that cost\u8230\'85 well I don\u8217\'92t want to .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no, I noticed the outer wall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does my wealth impress you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not in the slightest. I\u8217\'92ve seen every throne room on the continent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough. Perhaps you will find my gallery stimulating. I\u8217\'92ve some pieces here that, well, that\u8217\'92s the point of Art, isn\u8217\'92t it, for rich men like me to have things you can\u8217\'92t see anywhere else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Like that shard of Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Precisely. I feel compelled to point out, that everything else I have, I\u8217\'92ve acquired through perfectly legal means. I even have something of yours here. One of your best works, I think. It\u8217\'92s the -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Spare me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t like your own work? I guess that\u8217\'92s not unusual for an artist of your caliber.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if that was a compliment or an insult.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But if paintings aren\u8217\'92t your pleasure, how about a wrap of freeweed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No thanks. I don\u8217\'92t know if you can tell, but I\u8217\'92m high to the tits on burgeons right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Really? I must say, you are remarkably lucid. A little odd, but I thought that was, you know, the general malaise of the poor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t worry. We rich have our own special sense of hopelessness. I find a wrap of freeweed blunts its edge. It\u8217\'92s the only thing I\u8217\'92ll offer to you for free. You should take one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine, thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are not fine. You\u8217\'92re the most melancholic looking man I\u8217\'92ve ever seen. Take one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t mix well with burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very well. Skip the freeweed. And we\u8217\'92ll skip the gallery tour. You came here for a purpose, after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I wanted to find out if -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no. You don\u8217\'92t know what your purpose is yet. You\u8217\'92re going to need it explained to you, and for that, we must study at least one piece of art. Come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The second floor of Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s house had a high ceiling and high windows that offered a stunning view of the storm outside. By now, the rains had started to move on, and they made room for Sol\u8217\'92s golden light to shift into pink and purple pastels as it played on the city and the clouds all around. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Common to the fashion of the Solean elite, the furnishings of Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s second story were muted and tasteful so as to pick up Sol\u8217\'92s light. Here the floor was covered in massive rugs that were subtly patterned with white lilies and were trimmed with glittering gold ropes. They served as giant picture frames for the colors that Sol cast upon them. On top were pillows upon pillows for comfort, all white with gold tassels and ivory lace threading them together. In one corner, the floor had been hollowed out to accommodate a hefty hotstone. It was heated by the kitchen below and a burning brazier above. It was already portioned with meats. At the sides of the stone were reclining chairs made of rope strung into angled ebony frames. Mandrameen sighed as he reclined into his, then munched on a potsticker that he had pulled from the hotstone. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Half an hour ago, the rain was cold and overwhelming. Now, it was a cozy and soothing murmur set against the warm light of the brazier.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  it was a magnificent work of art in skill and in subject. It depicted Solraheen at the very moment of his apotheosis - the sun-god was laid out across the eastern wall, wearing a beatific smile, clearly pleased with the sight of his sword as he plunged it into his brother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is my favorite piece!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed. \u8220\'93For sentimental reasons, mostly. It\u8217\'92s not that good, if I\u8217\'92m honest, but it has so much behind it, if you know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93See this yellow, isn\u8217\'92t it beautiful? Can you guess the pigment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was going to say, it is nice. It\u8217\'92s not the Fabled Black, somehow, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fabled Black makes a black. Have you already forgotten? Makes a black that rivals the crow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, this yellow, it comes from cows. Incredibly expensive. The most wasteful pigment imaginable. To make enough for this fresco - this fresco alone - I had to buy five men to care for fifty cows. Had to put them on a strict diet, the cows. They couldn\u8217\'92t eat anything but this little squealing bug, called a shuberant. Looks like a locust the size of your thumb, well, my thumb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They come in hives so they aren\u8217\'92t too expensive. You make a paste out of them and feed them to the cows. You have to really stuff their faces full, so you\u8217\'92ve got to starve them a bit so they take to that bug-paste like dogs to the bone. Then you have to time the next step just right, because, see, this radiant pigment comes from the chyme of the cow\u8217\'92s second stomach. So, you\u8217\'92ve got to time it just right, when the munched up bugs are passing through the innards, and when they extrude out that second stomach, not the first or third stomach, the second stomach, that\u8217\'92s when you cut open the beast and harvest as much this golden chyme as you can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not so wasteful because you can sell the meat. But I don\u8217\'92t sell the meat. I let it rot in the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because it feels\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Salavan wave his hand in the air as if to catch the words that could accurately describe what he was thinking. \u8220\'93It feels }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 weighty}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to have killed a bunch of beasts for the explicit purpose of painting my wall. Doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t Solraheen look radiant? And now that you know fifty cows died for it, doesn\u8217\'92t make the fresco take on more\u8230\'85 weight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan emphasized this last word, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91weight\u8217\'92, by pinching his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri said flatly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s  Then his round face lit up and he laughed. \u8220\'93Hah! It doesn\u8217\'92t, does it! But the picture is fine, no? The quality of the drawing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be that way, Mandri. The drawing is beautiful. It\u8217\'92s Ellag\u8217\'92s hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hmph.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s actually here now, would you like to see him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not really, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, seeing him is the first step in determining whether or not you\u8217\'92re the one we are looking for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now that\u8217\'92s what I came here to find out. Who is this, \u8216\'91we\u8217\'92? What  the hell is this all about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91We\u8217\'92 are worshipers of Mid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Pella said, worshiper of Mid. I still have no idea who Mid is, except that he\u8217\'92s dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you know who Mid is. You just know him by a different name. You know him as Uud.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Points the god being stabbed by solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You worship the evil one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mid is not evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looks at the face. The horns and snarling face a contrast to Solraheen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s resplendent face.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Looks evil to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, well, I must keep up appearances. Imagine a Hrkkan prince comes to my hall and discovers me to be Middan heretic. That would be the end of me, wouldn\u8217\'92t it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I saw Pella. \u8216\'91Priestess of Mid\u8217\'92, she said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I know Pella.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The woman ripped out my ox\u8217\'92s stomach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is evil about that? You\u8217\'92ve never cooked a slab of tripe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She didn\u8217\'92t eat the stomach. She ate the ox\u8217\'92s soul.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s brows raised. Mandri expecting Salavan to deny it, call him crazy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You mustn\u8217\'92t judge her, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looks at him like he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s insane.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know you grew up hearing scary stories about a demon witch who steals little boys out beds and consumes their Sparks for sustenance. I grew up with those stories, too. It is amazing how a shameless twist of truth written down a thousand years ago can become a pillar of belief.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I saw what I saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t deny that you did, but Mandri, you haven\u8217\'92t the faintest clue as to what was really going on. She wasn\u8217\'92t consuming that soul for sustenance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure as shit looked like she was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Come now, Mandri. Indulge, for a moment, the idea that you have been deceived. Everything you know about Uud and Solraheen, the heavens, even the very nature of life itself, it is all wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is the truth, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To start, Solraheen did not sacrifice himself to save the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about? I\u8217\'92ve seen his body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve seen it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They let }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  see him?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I said yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did you see his face?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A glimpse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Crushed under all that rock, inundated with those deadening fumes of _, tell me, did He look pleased with His situation? See, I\u8217\'92ve seen Solraheen\u8217\'92s face for longer than glimpse, and I can tell you, it is not the face of a contented god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if he was happy about what had happened, it wouldn\u8217\'92t have been a sacrifice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is certainly an interpretation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s not the truth, then what happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you want to know the truth, then we must go and see Ellag.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really care, but you seem intent on it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll come then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Opens secret door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Before we head down, I must say, fair warning, that if you come with me down these steps then you must be fully committed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on. Let me be transparent. I, unlike the Solitants, value honesty, so my good character compels me to warn you that there is a chance - a chance - that down in my basement, as we pursue the divination of your status amongst the divine plan, there is a chance down there that you could die. Consider that thought before you join me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan starts walking down the stairs into the dark.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After a while.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoing up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I said consider the thought, don\u8217\'92t inhabit it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Go down stairs, see Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s dead body in a chair.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan commands Mandri to sit down.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So!\u8221\'94 clapped his hands. \u8220\'93Are you the painter who doesn\u8217\'92t want to be a painter? }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 The}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  painter who doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be a painter. You\u8217\'92d be surprised about how many of them we find. So many children grow up hearing, \u8216\'91Do what you love and you\u8217\'92ll never work a day in your life\u8217\'92, but the truth is that for about half all people who do that, after a decade or so they end up hating what they love to do.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ellag is such a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pats the body sitting in the chair. The head slumped down, clearly dead. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan pulls up a chair and sits next to the dead body. Pulls out a wrap of freeweed and starts to smoke it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, what do you think Art is? If you could define it. Define Art.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s whatever you want to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t play coy, Mandri. This is important. It\u8217\'92s critical that you\u8217\'92re in the right frame of mind before we move on to the next step.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I jut don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s an interesting question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I got that vibe in the foyer, that you just don\u8217\'92t find any of it interesting. Is that why you don\u8217\'92t want to paint anymore, you think it\u8217\'92s uninteresting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93More or less.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Which is it, more, or less?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I haven\u8217\'92t put too much thought into it. I just don\u8217\'92t want to paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you have to have thought about what Art is. You\u8217\'92ve spent too much time in front of an easel not to have some idea of what you\u8217\'92re really doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I just make pretty pictures. }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Used}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to make.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan takes a long drag.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You think Art is merely a word. You think that because there is no tangible thing born of nature to which you can point call Art, that it\u8217\'92s just a label slapped onto objects for utility.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No. You said fuck nothing at all. In the absence of an answer I am forced to fish for one. Come now, you\u8217\'92re a smart young man who\u8217\'92s spent more than a decade sniffing paint. You have to have given the question some thought. And be serious Mandri, I\u8217\'92m trying help you avoid ending up like Ellag here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan puts his arm around Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The accusation fell like a hammer blow, it flattened out the mood and stunned Salavan into silence. He narrowed his eyes, sat back in his chair, and glared at Mandrameen while the moment passed between them. Only when it was good and gone did he grunt and snarl and huff and say, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the godsdamned question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Art is\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It does, Mandri, it does. Let me, uh, let me illustrate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan takes pleasure in his own wit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93See, Ellag thought of Art like this, you know, a person goes out into the world, and has an experience. Maybe it changes them in some important way. Like what about you, surely there was some experience you had that changed you. Point to as a pivot\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now, being a social creature, you want to share that experience with others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Most people do. They have an experience which gives rise to an emotion, and they want their friends and family to understand how that\u8217\'92s affected them, but there\u8217\'92s a problem - they can\u8217\'92t just }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 will}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  that emotion or that experience into someone else\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A man who likes to hear himself talk. Mandri thought he could probably make a dash for the stairs and Salavan wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t notice. NOt the building threat of violence, the boring speech.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93See, that\u8217\'92s the root of it. We are doomed to be lonely creatures. We have this innate desire for everyone to really understand us, but fundamentally, our souls, our sparks, are split. The only option open to us, the only way to communicate, is to manipulate the world around us to create something, signposts in the dark, tangible things, art objects, a thing that a loved one can hear or look at or read, and in experiencing that thing they\u8217\'92ve experienced the original thing, and they can come to understand the true depth of your own emotion. Ellag thought Art is like that - you experience something out in the world, you want to share that experience, to share it you create a piece of art, and in experiencing that art, your friends, your family, they come to know, at deeper level, what it was you originally experienced. You do it because it\u8217\'92s necessary for everyone else to know why you are the way you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding along.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does that make sense?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very sentimental.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it? Art as communication. A sentimental view. Unfortunately, it\u8217\'92s completely and utterly wrong. Just look how wrong it can be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flourish to reveal Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse. Eyes seemingly gouged out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now, steady on, Mandri. Steady yourself, man\u8230\'85 Now, looking at Ellag, you might be appreciating how his corpse has been transformed into an art object. You might think that I am the artist, and this - \u8220\'93 he put his hand on Ellag\u8217\'92s skull and twisted it about in a perverse display of puppetry. \u8220\'93This is me communicating to you in a way that lets you experience, in a weighty way, who I am and what it\u8217\'92s like to be me. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He let go of Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and it slumped down into his neck.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But none of that is true. For a number of reasons. Consider, why isn\u8217\'92t speech, casual speech like I\u8217\'92m doing now, why isn\u8217\'92t that considered Art? I am speaking, I am manipulating my throat, tongue, and teeth to shape a sound for you to experience. This is communication. Art is communication, yes? No. I am not an artist. I am many things, but I am not an artist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a murderer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a murderer, either. Well, I am, but I think you\u8217\'92re referring to Ellag, here. I didn\u8217\'92t kill Ellag. Again, he died because he thought Art was communication. He thought the communicator - the artist - was important. He priveledged his own position, as if artists have something worth saying. Like you, he thought far too much of himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Couldn\u8217\'92t be further from the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t think that you have something worth saying? That you, the artist, has a \u8216\'91voice\u8217\'92 that everyone else }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 needs}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to listen to?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think anyone has anything interesting to say. And that includes you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan raises his open palms to the heavens and sang Old-Jandri praise which meant wonderful. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Akla! You\u8217\'92ve already seen the face of Mid, how else? How else could you have come to look at the world in such a way? Ellag was never able to make that step. He\u8217\'92d never seen Mid, so when he looked into the deep\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan made a motion with his fingers, pretending to burst his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93His eyes exploded?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about his chest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. That was me. Post mortem, I assure you. But Ellag doesn\u8217\'92t matter right now. Right now it is you that matters. There is a chance - a chance - that you could survive what comes next.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If I don\u8217\'92t, my eyes will explode?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is one potentiality. There is an infinite class of gruesome deaths, but I assure you, the ones you are facing are all sublime. I mean, imagine seeing something that makes your eyes explode. That\u8217\'92s how every painter dreams of dying, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a way to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan goes off into the dark, and starts dragging stone slab. Flat circle of granite, thin, the width of a fingerjoint. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Paints.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want me to paint?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not about what }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 I}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  want you to paint. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not about what }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  want to paint either. Remember, don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t privilege the artist. Don\u8217\'92t think about what should or shouldn\u8217\'92t be, not yet. You need to simply, start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to figure things out on the canvas. That\u8217\'92s how things get muddy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want you figure anything out. Simply paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any idea how stupid that sounds?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do what I say. Paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is it that you think goes on in a painter\u8217\'92s head as he\u8217\'92s working on a piece? Do you think . Is that what you think Art is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is exactly what Art is. The artist is merely a tool. True art creates itself. It is reckoned with on its own terms. It is its own experience. It communicates nothing but what it is. You kneel here -\u8221\'94 Salavan pointed to a rubbed floor. \u8220\'93And you become the tool by which the work creates itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gets frustrated.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does this have to do with this god-damned prophecy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This will test your capacity for channeling divine inspiration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looks unenthused.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Come now, Mandri. Don\u8217\'92t tell me you\u8217\'92ve never worked on a painting and, without any effort, discovered the solutions to the question of what color goes where. Those solutions revealed themselves to you. You discovered them, you made no decision. The correct solution was revealed to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Those moments don\u8217\'92t mean anything. They\u8217\'92re illusions. Half the time, those \u8216\'91correct solutions\u8217\'92 aren\u8217\'92t correct at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Quite wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look, when I work on a painting, sure, there\u8217\'92s some moments of inspiration, and that feels great. Then I walk out of the room for a while. Then I walk back in with fresh eyes, and like I said, half the strokes I thought were brilliant were just wrong. It was, I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 Inspiration is fake, that\u8217\'92s all I know. It\u8217\'92s like puppy love. It\u8217\'92s not real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan paces back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, what do those fools in the guild say? It about perspiration not inspiration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The problem here, Mandri, is that when you leave the room, you fill yourself back up with bullshit, and so of course, that is all you can see. But I assure you, inspiration, creativity, whatever word you want to use to hide the voice of god, use it - but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean it isn\u8217\'92t there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see your paintings, then, Salavan. Let\u8217\'92s see these works of divine inspiration.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As I\u8217\'92ve already told you, I am not artist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right you\u8217\'92re not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nonetheless, I am right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you were right, I wouldn\u8217\'92t have to take your word for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t have to. Simply kneel, and start painting. Soon enough, you will see the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri figured he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t getting out unless he complied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He paints. Paint a portrait. What he wants to see - pretty portrait and this man, like a zealous critic, would praise the work and he could leave. Pull out all the stops to impress. Operate on instinct. Beginners start with the form of the head. An oval. Mandri was so adept he could start with - Henry Yan. Void opens up. Sees into the infinte black. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A face. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve done it. Do you see now?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is it? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That is Mid\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mark.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, you might be the one.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I thought you said you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d know for sure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I will. I will. This was but the first part of the test.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s next?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The thing about prophecies, is that they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re going to happen whether or not we want them to happen. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter what we do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s what Pella was saying.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good, that means you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve had some time to think about it. So you\u8217\'92ll understand why I\u8217\'92m doing this.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He stood up. The great bulk of him dwarfed Mandrameen. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s knees almost buckled. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan pounced.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hold still, Mandrameen! Hold still!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stop! Help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan used his great strength to wrestle Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s flailing limbs into submission, and used his weight to squeeze the air from Mandrameen\u8217\'92s lungs. He delighted in the pitiful sound that Mandrameen made as he wheezed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If you are the true artist bidden by Mid, then we will see eachother again, and I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll apologize for this. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tears streamed down Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face and his lungs burned in agony. Salavan paused his ramblings to delight in the picture. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no greater feeling,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93EAAAUUUGHHH!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen was dead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Potential composition.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As a final composition it was a busy piece.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}