{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Violence is never the answer. But often times I find that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a good enough approximation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Violence is never the answer, but you can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t let the pursuit of perfection be the enemy of the good enough.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Stone garden a bit heretical - only Solraheen could build.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You know, I\u8217\'92m impressed,\u8221\'94 Salavan continued. \u8220\'93Perhaps now you realize the strength of your own Will. No doubt at some point in your miserable life you\u8217\'92ve tasted it - the thought of something you could do, something you }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 wanted}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  to do, but wouldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t dare, because what kind of a }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 man }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 would do such a thing? And now here you are! Doing it! Well, you tried to. It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s the attempt I admire.\u8221\'94 He took a step forward. \u8220\'93But here, let me show you how it\u8217\'92s done.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever dream of committing murder?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked. He put the knife up against Mandrameen\u8217\'92s throat. \u8220\'93You chew on your Will in your dreams and here you\u8217\'92ve tried to let it out, but it\u8217\'92s gotten stuck, and what\u8217\'92s this? It\u8217\'92s welling up in your throat.\u8221\'94 Salavan peered into Mandrameen\u8217\'92s gasping mouth. \u8220\'93Yes, I can see it!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed with glee. \u8220\'93Hah! I can see it there inside of you now! The way everything is }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 squirming}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  in there.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94 He set the knife\u8217\'92s blunt edge against Mandrameen\u8217\'92s tongue and pressed down. \u8220\'93Yes! Gods, you really fucked this up Mandrameen. When you pass on into the Hell, that should be your final thought, that this is }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  your fault.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Character based on john carmack - nerd speak. Jargon, but its hard-jargon - more accurate words.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}