{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The night was full when Ayram set out into the Sand. He never announced it was time to leave, or that everyone should think about heading out, he simply gathered up his enormous backpack and started off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice him leave because the brightness in the sky was startling. Night in the middle of the Sand was unusually clear. The whole sky in the west was flush with a gradient of blue, and it wrapped around the world until, there, suddenly, some hundred yards away in the east was Ayram\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a giant lumbering towards a featureless horizon. Beyond Ayram was a much smaller black dot named Seb. Seb had set out even earlier after complaining about how slow everyone was and that she was going to do what she wanted to do. Nobody tried to stop her. Mandri suspected this advance march was a cover story. She was, no doubt, eager to enjoy a burgeon binge in peace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Elrahet was good and ready to leave, she told Moto to, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring the cursed Mazid with you.\u8221\'94 She waddled, packless, out into the Sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned to Moteah and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You heard the woman, bring the Mazid with you.\u8221\'94 He jogged off after the others before Moteah could counter. The clank of iron and wood inside his own heavy pack was as good as teasing laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah ignored Mandri as she finished reorganizing her backpack to fit in a few extra sheaves of Hrkan hardtack. Mandri still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t moved from where he\u8217\'92d sat down earlier that evening; plump on a bump of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He studied Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She fit the standard rule of thumb for beauty that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s taught to artists at an early age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t make too many marks. People start to look ugly if one makes too many marks to bring out the nose, cheeks, and chi. If Mandri were to paint Moteah with as few marks as possible, he wouldn\u8217\'92t be lying all that much. A few swipes to capture the sheen of the blue night as it defined her high arched cheeks. A smudge for her youthful of her lips. That was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was attractive. No doubt. But if one sits and stares at another human being for long enough, as a portrait artist must do, the features of the face start to lose the illusion that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re working together for a purpose. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter how attractive the person is. The strangeness is there in everyone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Usually it starts with the ears. And sure enough, Moteah had ears. Peeking from under her sun-licked, frazzled bush of wiry hair were tiny ears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hated ears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those odd, fleshy protuberances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as if, when Solraheen was creating people, He took a wad of clay, crumpled it up, then slapped it onto the side of the head expecting to come back to it later to make it work but never did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the worst part of the face is the breath. Well, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not quite part of the face, but the breath! If there was ever a sign of what a person is, it is the stench of breath. Cover it up by gargling pango juice, but that never lasts long. Little wonder that Jeket has a whole market street dedicated to tinctures and chews that are supposed to suppress the smell of the curdled things hiding in between the teeth, or pasting the tongue, or tucked into tonsil folds. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  ignore all that. But there was no getting past the basics, the structure of the face. There is not one person alive whose face is symmetrical. There is always, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , some feature which started growing in the wrong direction as a child and kept going with age. Perhaps the left nostril didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grow fast enough to keep up with the right when puberty hit. Titled chins. Slanted eye sockets. Most common is the uneven eyebrows. Sometimes the whole face swivels around to one side of the skull, and so one cheek gets slapped more than the other. Perhaps it was all smushed that way as the head squeezed out of the womb and there it stuck, leaving the mentioned with a lopsided smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only parts of the body Mandri liked to look at were the ones he generally wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed to look at\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a cosmic cruelty, but one he didn\u8217\'92t fret over, because the only reason he liked to look at those bits was because he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to. It was the temptation of the undiscovered. He used to be fascinated by the depth found the eye, but his brush spent so much time nibbling them that they\u8217\'92d lost their sparkle. Nowadays, they were nothing but squishy wet orbs squelching around in sockets, especially after the incident with the Riga child. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, outer beauty deceptive. The same is true for inner beauty as well. Mandri was certain that if he got close enough to Moteah, that if he got a whiff of her breath, so to speak, then the illusion that she was a kind person\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 kind in the traditional sense\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something more than a walking, talking sack of Sparked meat, well, that illusion would crumble. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She had no obvious tells. Her hawkish features were tailor made for serious moods, and that was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s preference\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a frowning, serious woman. She was even frowning right now. She stood, hands on hips, that timeless pose of the woman waiting for an idiot, and she was frowning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was frowning at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, something the matter?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stand up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up and walked over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re carrying that,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, and she pointed to a wooden, L-shaped frame fitted with straps and a sack of bulges. It was the same device morning walkers used to haul sacks of grain to work off a drought debt. Mandri lifted it up without much trouble and put it on. Thankfully, the frame was the perfect size for his scrawny back, and it even had a waist strap that pulled fast around his stomach, keeping the slight weight resting kindly on top of his hips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He bounced up and down to test his chewed up leg, and he was delighted to find that it was making a remarkable recovery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thought it\u8217\'92d be heavier,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you can carry more...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no. No. It\u8217\'92s more than heavy enough.\u8221\'94 Mandri made a show of shifting the weight atop his shoulders. Moteah\u8217\'92s own pack was a huge, canvas wrapped lump in the shape of a giant bean, with the head of it looming over the puff of her hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How far is it,\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Bullr bones lie a hundred miles east of here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One hundred miles? That far?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was to start walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hurried after her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what, five days?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It depends on you,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Ayram could make it in one night\u8230\'85Have you ever walked a hundred miles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked to see if they were following one of the old charnel roads. If it was there he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it, as there was no gentle hump in the earth stretching off into the horizon. The world was flat, and even flatter further on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri returned to the subject of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ugliness. He hadn\u8217\'92t seen it yet, but was determined to find it out, and an easy way to capture a thing like that, when it\u8217\'92s hidden inside, was to ambush it. He waited for her to settle into the inertia of the journey, and then he pounced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who do you hate the most?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up in bewilderment. According to plan. This was a tried and true method of finding a thread to pull, as everyone hates someone. Sometimes the question proved too open-ended and he\u8217\'92d have to ask about them to choose a person they knew personally. That would get anyone gossiping, and gossip always tells as much about the person speaking than the person spoken of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He might have to do that, because she was stuck in this incredulous gasp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would you ask that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri adopted a look of concern and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ask because it seems like there\u8217\'92s someone bothering you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  bothering me. You.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair. But you know I\u8217\'92m talking about Moto, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was fishing now, and it seemed like she could tell. She glanced at him, perhaps expecting to find a sense of shame, but Mandri had none.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good thing that you\u8217\'92re out here,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because the Sand is going to lick your spit until you\u8217\'92re dry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They walked in silence while Mandri brooded over his failed attack. He supposed that the point of failure was when he let her get away with pretending to be someone that she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He waited a few fingers more and said, \u8220\'93You talk like you\u8217\'92ve been out here as long as Elrahet. But I can tell you\u8217\'92re almost as new to this as me. How did you end up out here? You and Moto?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks push you out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I\u8217\'92m here to kill the Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, right. So it\u8217\'92s real then, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 she said, with a tenacious turn, as if it were absurd to suggest otherwise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Seb said that no one\u8217\'92s seen it before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should say, I\u8217\'92ve seen }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 an}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Amalgamete. It was a different Amalgamete than the one we hunt.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more than one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are. Or, there were. There will only be one in the end. There have been many, and likely more as the ages come, but as they find and swallow each other there will be only one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does that mean you\u8217\'92ve killed an Amalgamete already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hadn\u8217\'92t yet grown into godhood. This was five years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah sighed heavily. It seemed she was weighing whether or not she wanted to share the story. Seeing how eager Mandri was, and that they had many miles yet to go, she decided it was best to get it over with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My grandfather\u8217\'92s tribe lived on the left bank of the Ganni. A tribe called the Lamargi lived on the other side of the river. They were our enemies. Each year, in the summer flood, the rivergrass bloomed and the redtrout swelled. There were hundreds and thousands of them. We fought with the Lamrgi over the good stretches of the Ganni. We killed them, and they killed us, all over fish. Thinking about it now, I almost can\u8217\'92t believe it. It was senseless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that uncommon a story,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I mean, that\u8217\'92s how the Sand is, isn\u8217\'92t it? You have to fight for what\u8217\'92s yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah side-eyed a warning to shut up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Lamargi were Old, Old Jandri,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93They walked naked at night. By day, they wore nothing but hole-cuts. On the river, they wore bark armor to ward off our slings. We never did find out where they got that bark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds interesting,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered, losing interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was constant fear. That breed of war is worse than whatever happened with the Hrks. It was nastier. It was personal. It never ended. You didn\u8217\'92t feel safe washing your robes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how blood feuds work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was worse than that. It was more than evil. More than horrible. It was more than everything, and I think both sides knew it. It was a shame for all of us. My grandfather would hate me for saying that. I suppose I was too young to ever truly hate the Lamargi. I never knew my uncles. I never saw them die. Moto did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does this have to do with the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only time we ever talked with the Lamargi was if either side sent a messenger across the river bearing the leg bone of a dead relative, and that leg bone had to be painted as white as Solraheen. To harm this man was to harm Solraheen. One day a Lamargi man swam across the river bearing a painted white skull. We could hardly understand what he was saying, because the Lamargi spoke a sister tongue to Old Jandri. He only knew one Hrkan word, and that was \u8216\'91demons\u8217\'92. He\u8217\'92d brought the skull, pointed to it, and said, \u8216\'91Demon ugi\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon did it,\u8221\'94 Mandri translated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah nodded and continued on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wanted us to follow him back across the river. We sent Moto to go with him. Moto came back with a story we couldn\u8217\'92t believe, and so more of us went over. I was one of them. I was only fourteen but they let me go because there weren\u8217\'92t many fighters left. Two days of travel took us to the Lamargi village. The first of the dead I saw was an old man pinned to a thick wooden post. He\u8217\'92d been pinned by his own bones. Something had ripped off his arms, defleshed them, sharpened the bones, and then used them as stakes. That was only the start of the slaughter. I won\u8217\'92t go into the rest of it. The children weren\u8217\'92t spared. The Lamargi man pointed to each of the dead, pointed out his own dead wife\u8230\'85there were least two hundred of them, and each time, he said, \u8216\'91Demon ugi\u8230\'85demon ugi\u8230\'85demon ugi\u8230\'85\u8217\'92 The last hut we entered was his chief\u8217\'92s. The Lamargi throne was a simple old chair that sat a little higher than the others. It was empty. He pointed to it and he said, \u8216\'91Demon agi\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is a demon?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. Simple as it was, he was less sure of this translation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The story we pieced together was that his chief had been ill for some time, and nearing death, the man made a pact with the dark to destroy my tribe. But, as always happens, the dark worked against him. Elrahet says that an Amalgamete is born when a man sells himself to hate, and that is what happened. He must have turned and slaughtered his own people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We set out with the last Lamargi to hunt this demon, but we never found it. We should have, but we were stupid. We didn\u8217\'92t know at the time what an Amalgamete truly was. We thought it was mindless. It didn\u8217\'92t occur to us that the creature hadn\u8217\'92t finished its mission. We had no idea what waited for us when we crossed the river and returned home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered, fearing what was coming next. Moteah paused her story to push down a sob rising in her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My village was\u8230\'85dead everywhere. Those who weren\u8217\'92t dead were missing. Any hope of survivors was dashed when we found\u8230\'85I can only describe it as a man with a belly as big as he was. It was the Lamargi chief. He was passed out near the center of the village next to a pile of bodies. Each of those dead bodies was missing their stomach. The Lamargi chief had eaten them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were able to kill him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto cut off his head. Elrahet says that it would have been the smallest Amalgamete she\u8217\'92d ever seen. See, an Amalgamete consumes our Sparks, and as it does, its stomach grows, and the big ones can birth demons. The Amalgamete we killed was still too small for any of that. And good thing too, because if it were any larger, we might not have been able to pierce its skin. If an Amalgamete gets big enough, it can\u8217\'92t be killed. It takes the power of a god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the gods are dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why we need you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri mulled the story over. If she were lying, she were an expert actress. It must be true. He felt a sense of solidarity with her cause rise inside him. Hers was a human story, a tragedy hard to hear, one still clearly working on her even though she seemed to have pulled through it all admirably. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happens if you can\u8217\'92t get the Mazidfire out of me? Like, if we can\u8217\'92t kill the Amalgamete, nothing can? Would Ayram look for a new Minder? A new Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You worry too much\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ll say this, the only wisdom I\u8217\'92ve ever agreed with is, \u8216\'91Keep one foot in front of the other\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How am I supposed to not worry?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, that\u8217\'92s the dumbest thing I\u8217\'92ve ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Moteah as her walking came to abrupt stop. , and when she huffed, Mandri did the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said sorry,\u8221\'94 mandri said. \u8220\'93You want me to apologize a second time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t want to be here, you\u8217\'92re allowed to leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please. No I\u8217\'92m not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve always been allowed to leave, but you haven\u8217\'92t and you won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can walk away? Right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s what you want to do, then do it. The Sand is yours.\u8221\'94 She gestured wide to the empty landscape. \u8220\'93If you want to walk away, then do it. Assert yourself. Maybe you\u8217\'92ll wander into the Amalgamete and kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More likely I\u8217\'92ll die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not why you won\u8217\'92t leave,\u8221\'94 Moteah said confidently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pointed over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, to an nearby patch of scrub bush, whose wild branches were clouded by a swarm of pinprick dots. It was a horde of tiny flies, looking like a misty, black aura, and together their zipping wings sounded like a lizard\u8217\'92s hiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only Solraheen knows how many hook flies are over there,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Why are they over there? They can go anywhere\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they can crawl into any hole, they can fly in every direction, they can explore the entire world and see sights unseen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they don\u8217\'92t. They hover in that small, boring bush out here in the desert. Why? They could be bothering us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. He braced himself for another bit of folksy outland wisdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah smirked and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hook flies swarm like that because that\u8217\'92s what they want to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She gave Mandri a considerate smile of unquestionable sincerity. Then she resumed her journey, leaving Mandri standing stock still, gawking at those stupid flies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like most figures of speech, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s analogy had a surface charm that suggested a deeper truth, but it completely broke down upon further investigation. The analogy was that humans were like hook flies, in some respect. But of course this wasn\u8217\'92t true. There was a reason those flies were flying around in a ball, a reason which went beyond social fulfillment. Perhaps there were more primal interests at play. Maybe they\u8217\'92d found water there in that bush, or food, or the bush broke the breeze making it easier to fly in the first place. Most likely it was about sex. They bunch up into a cloud like that because it is the easiest way to bump their stiff little uglies into something that makes them feel alive. Maybe one could say that still lines up with Moteah\u8217\'92s analogy, but Mandri didn\u8217\'92t get the feeling that\u8217\'92s what she meant. In fact, these Ayramun were the least lascivious group of people he\u8217\'92d ever known\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92d not seen a single lip-licking wink between any of them, and he had been looking carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She called back to him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t fall behind!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He called back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to pee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah hiked her bean-bag pack further up onto her shoulders and continued on. Her pack was so large that it had its own momentum, and she had to move slowly and build up speed until the pack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forward motion began to sustain itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The very moment she was out of whisper range, Obo started wiggling around in his seat, and he issued a muffled plea to have his gag removed. Mandri groaned and reached back and slipped the knot that kept Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gag fastened tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she interesting,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She matched the pattern of an idiot caught in the grip of a death cult. And the Ayramun }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be a death cult, especially considering the way they handled those giant corpses inside of Minting Rock, and the way they gathered up those who fell in battle, Hrk and Ayramun alike, into one big pile. Most would keep them separate. And they wanted them piled into a sphere? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri groaned as he recalled the back-breaking work he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done to make that happen. Yes, it fit with what he\u8217\'92d read about death cults which roam the Sand. They wanted to compress the dead into a tight ball, for in death all Sparks will be joined together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, he had to pee. As he relieved himself, a small brown lizard came crawling out of the sand to lick at the beads of urine that splashed down. It gasped when it realized the liquid wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t water, and it scurried away and buried itself again in the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a death cult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If they wanted everything to die, then why try to kill the Amalgamete? Maybe there schisms in the darker forces. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d probably kill each other for the right to kill everyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How many Ayramun did Ayram start out with?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fifty?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scanned the horizon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was wide open space in every direction. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any hills to hide behind, but the shadows under every bush were dark as Fabled Black. He could hide in those.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Should he start walking in a different direction?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wiggled his member and dropped his robe. Then he prayed to Solraheen. Of course, Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pray so much as give thinly-veiled critiques.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be said that I think this is a bad idea.\u8221\'94}}