{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forget \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91works\u8217\'92 - its \u8216\'91doings of torah\u8217\'92. That brings a whole bunch of very bad protestant theology into the mix. This is about circumcision.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Galatians 5:19}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 6:2}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The issue is not entrance requirements, but maintenance requirements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first argument from scripture. Including the application of the argument - 4:8-11. And the appeal to return to Paul.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Argument-application-appeal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The spirit replaces torah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The work of christ - the work of spirit -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A trinitarian statement of christian faith, without which you cannot have christian faith, because you have the work of the father, the son and the spirit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think James is responsible for any of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thinks that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s saying more than we know if we say there was a conflict between paul and james.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I wish they would their own testicles cut off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Deuteronomy 30:14}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Romans 10:8}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The defense of Paul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why would he change these things?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone who works in terms of boundaries is fundamentally incapable of understanding. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is the truth of the spiritual experience, the truth of the higher morality, but how can we hold it if we bearers give false witness?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}