{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/2554"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky | Project Gutenberg}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He started, his nerves were terribly overstrained by now. In a little while, the door was opened a tiny crack: the old woman eyed her visitor with evident distrust through the crack, and nothing could be seen but her little eyes, glittering in the darkness. But, seeing a number of people on the landing, she grew bolder, and opened the door wide. The young man stepped into the dark entry, which was partitioned off from the tiny kitchen. The old woman stood facing him in silence and looking inquiringly at him. She was a diminutive, withered up old woman of sixty, with sharp malignant eyes and a sharp little nose. Her colourless, somewhat grizzled hair was thickly smeared with oil, and she wore no kerchief over it. Round her thin long neck, which looked like a hen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg, was knotted some sort of flannel rag, and, in spite of the heat, there hung flapping on her shoulders, a mangy fur cape, yellow with age. The old woman coughed and groaned at every instant. The young man must have looked at her with a rather peculiar expression, for a gleam of mistrust came into her eyes again. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The little room into which the young man walked, with yellow paper on the walls, geraniums and muslin curtains in the windows, was brightly lighted up at that moment by the setting sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So the sun will shine like this\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 then}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~too!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 flashed as it were by chance through Raskolnikov\u8217\'92s mind, and with a rapid glance he scanned everything in the room, trying as far as possible to notice and remember its arrangement. But there was nothing special in the room. The furniture, all very old and of yellow wood, consisted of a sofa with a huge bent wooden back, an oval table in front of the sofa, a dressing-table with a looking-glass fixed on it between the windows, chairs along the walls and two or three half-penny prints in yellow frames, representing German damsels with birds in their hands\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was all. In the corner a light was burning before a small ikon. Everything was very clean; the floor and the furniture were brightly polished; everything shone.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~loathsome, loathsome! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All that\u8217\'92s nonsense,\u8221\'94 he said hopefully, \u8220\'93and there is nothing in it all to worry about! It\u8217\'92s simply physical derangement. Just a glass of beer, a piece of dry bread\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and in one moment the brain is stronger, the mind is clearer and the will is firm! Phew, how utterly petty it all is!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But in spite of this scornful reflection, he was by now looking cheerful as though he were suddenly set free from a terrible burden: and he gazed round in a friendly way at the people in the room. But even at that moment he had a dim foreboding that this happier frame of mind was also not normal.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line and with it he felt a sort of thirst for company }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wore a full coat and a horribly greasy black satin waistcoat, with no cravat, and his whole face seemed smeared with oil like an iron lock.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are chance meetings with strangers that interest us from the first moment, before a word is spoken. Such was the impression made on Raskolnikov by the person sitting a little distance from him, who looked like a retired clerk. The young man often recalled this impression afterwards, and even ascribed it to presentiment. He looked repeatedly at the clerk, partly no doubt because the latter was staring persistently at him, obviously anxious to enter into conversation. At the other persons in the room, including the tavern-keeper, the clerk looked as though he were used to their company, and weary of it, showing a shade of condescending contempt for them as persons of station and culture inferior to his own, with whom it would be useless for him to converse. He was a man over fifty, bald and grizzled, of medium height, and stoutly built. His face, bloated from continual drinking, was of a yellow, even greenish, tinge, with swollen eyelids out of which keen reddish eyes gleamed like little chinks. But there was something very strange in him; there was a light in his eyes as though of intense feeling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps there were even thought and intelligence, but at the same time there was a gleam of something like madness. He was wearing an old and hopelessly ragged black dress coat, with all its buttons missing except one, and that one he had buttoned, evidently clinging to this last trace of respectability. A crumpled shirt front, covered with spots and stains, protruded from his canvas waistcoat. Like a clerk, he wore no beard, nor moustache, but had been so long unshaven that his chin looked like a stiff greyish brush. And there was something respectable and like an official about his manner too. But he was restless; he ruffled up his hair and from time to time let his head drop into his hands dejectedly resting his ragged elbows on the stained and sticky table. At last he looked straight at Raskolnikov, and said loudly and resolutely: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 my experience admonishes me that you are a man of education and not accustomed to drinking. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~surprised at the grandiloquent style of the speaker }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92ve just come from one and it\u8217\'92s the fifth night I\u8217\'92ve slept so....\u8221\'94 He filled his glass, emptied it and paused. Bits of hay were in fact clinging to his clothes and sticking to his hair. It seemed quite probable that he had not undressed or washed for the last five days. His hands, particularly, were filthy. They were fat and red, with black nails. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why am I not at my duty, honoured sir,\u8221\'94 Marmeladov went on, addressing himself exclusively to Raskolnikov, as though it had been he who put that question to him. \u8220\'93Why am I not at my duty? Does not my heart ache to think what a useless worm I am? A month ago when Mr. Lebeziatnikov beat my wife with his own hands, and I lay drunk, didn\u8217\'92t I suffer? Excuse me, young man, has it ever happened to you... hm... well, to petition hopelessly for a loan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it has. But what do you mean by hopelessly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hopelessly in the fullest sense, when you know beforehand that you will get nothing by it. You know, for instance, beforehand with positive certainty that this man, this most reputable and exemplary citizen, will on no consideration give you money; and indeed I ask you why should he? For he knows of course that I shan\u8217\'92t pay it back. From compassion? But Mr. Lebeziatnikov who keeps up with modern ideas explained the other day that compassion is forbidden nowadays by science itself, and that that\u8217\'92s what is done now in England, where there is political economy. Why, I ask you, should he give it to me? And yet though I know beforehand that he won\u8217\'92t, I set off to him and...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, when one has no one, nowhere else one can go! For every man must have somewhere to go. Since there are times when one absolutely must go somewhere! When my own daughter first went out with a yellow ticket, then I had to go... (for my daughter has a yellow passport),\u8221\'94 he added in parenthesis, looking with a certain uneasiness at the young man. \u8220\'93No matter, sir, no matter!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0  he went on hurriedly and with apparent composure when both the boys at the counter guffawed and even the innkeeper smiled\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No matter, I am not confounded by the wagging of their heads; for everyone knows everything about it already, and all that is secret is made open. And I accept it all, not with contempt, but with humility. So be it! So be it! \u8216\'91Behold the man!\u8217\'92 Excuse me, young man, can you.... No, to put it more strongly and more distinctly; not\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~you but\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 dare}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~you, looking upon me, assert that I am not a pig?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 elegant threading in of the scene there}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 the orator began again stolidly and with even increased dignity, after waiting for the laughter in the room to subside.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marmeladov broke off, tried to smile, but suddenly his chin began to twitch. He controlled himself however.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marmeladov struck his forehead with his fist, clenched his teeth, closed his eyes and leaned heavily with his elbow on the table. But a minute later his face suddenly changed and with a certain assumed slyness and affectation of bravado, he glanced at Raskolnikov, laughed and said:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This morning I went to see Sonia, I went to ask her for a pick-me-up! He-he-he!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not Katerina Ivanovna I am afraid of now,\u8221\'94 he muttered in agitation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93and that she will begin pulling my hair. What does my hair matter! Bother my hair! That\u8217\'92s what I say! Indeed it will be better if she does begin pulling it, that\u8217\'92s not what I am afraid of... it\u8217\'92s her eyes I am afraid of... yes, her eyes... the red on her cheeks, too, frightens me... and her breathing too.... Have you noticed how people in that disease breathe... when they are excited? I am frightened of the children\u8217\'92s crying, too.... For if Sonia has not taken them food... I don\u8217\'92t know what\u8217\'92s happened! I don\u8217\'92t know! But blows I am not afraid of.... Know, sir, that such blows are not a pain to me, but even an enjoyment. In fact I can\u8217\'92t get on without it.... It\u8217\'92s better so. Let her strike me, it relieves her heart... it\u8217\'92s better so... There is the house. The house of Kozel, the cabinet-maker... a German, well-to-do. Lead the way!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raskolnikov recognised Katerina Ivanovna at once. She was a rather tall, slim and graceful woman, terribly emaciated, with magnificent dark brown hair and with a hectic flush in her cheeks. She was pacing up and down in her little room, pressing her hands against her chest; her lips were parched and her breathing came in nervous broken gasps. Her eyes glittered as in fever and looked about with a harsh immovable stare. And that consumptive and excited face with the last flickering light of the candle-end playing upon it made a sickening impression. She seemed to Raskolnikov about thirty years old and was certainly a strange wife for Marmeladov.... She had not heard them and did not notice them coming in. She seemed to be lost in thought, hearing and seeing nothing }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Man grows used to everything, the scoundrel!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sank into thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what if I am wrong,\u8221\'94 he cried suddenly after a moment\u8217\'92s thought. \u8220\'93What if man is not really a scoundrel, man in general, I mean, the whole race of mankind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then all the rest is prejudice, simply artificial terrors and there are no barriers and it\u8217\'92s all as it should be.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he waked up bilious, irritable, ill-tempered, and looked with hatred at his room. It was a tiny cupboard of a room about six paces in length.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would have been difficult to sink to a lower ebb of disorder, but to Raskolnikov in his present state of mind this was positively agreeable. He had got completely away from everyone, like a tortoise in its shell, and even the sight of a servant girl who had to wait upon him and looked sometimes into his room made him writhe with nervous irritation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line She set before him her own cracked teapot full of weak and stale tea and laid two yellow lumps of sugar by the side of it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am doing...\u8221\'94 Raskolnikov began sullenly and reluctantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Work...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What sort of work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am thinking,\u8221\'94 he answered seriously after a pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nastasya was overcome with a fit of laughter. She was given to laughter and when anything amused her, she laughed inaudibly, quivering and shaking all over till she felt ill.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bitter is the ascent to Golgotha.... Hm... so it is finally settled; you have determined to marry a sensible business man, Avdotya Romanovna, one who has a fortune (has\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 already}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~made his fortune, that is so much more solid and impressive), a man who holds two government posts and who shares the ideas of our most rising generation, as mother writes, and who\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 seems}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to be kind, as Dounia herself observes. That\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 seems}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~beats everything! And that very Dounia for that very \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 seems}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 is marrying him! Splendid! splendid! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0 The essential question was settled, and irrevocably settled, in his mind: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never such a marriage while I am alive and Mr. Luzhin be damned!\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93The thing is perfectly clear,\u8221\'94 he muttered to himself, with a malignant smile anticipating the triumph of his decision. \u8220\'93No, mother, no, Dounia, you won\u8217\'92t deceive me! and then they apologise for not asking my advice\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 One must cut one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s coat according to one\u8217\'92s cloth, but what about you, Mr. Luzhin? She is your bride.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 she certainly can put up with a great deal. And now mother and she have taken it into their heads that she can put up with Mr. Luzhin, who propounds the theory of the superiority of wives raised from destitution and owing everything to their husband\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bounty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who propounds it, too, almost at the first interview. Granted that he \u8216\'91let it slip,\u8217\'92 though he is a sensible man, (yet maybe it was not a slip at all, but he meant to make himself clear as soon as possible) but Dounia, Dounia? She understands the man, of course, but she will have to live with the man. Why! she\u8217\'92d live on black bread and water, she would not sell her soul, she would not barter her moral freedom for comfort; she would not barter it for all Schleswig-Holstein, much less Mr. Luzhin\u8217\'92s money. No, Dounia was not that sort when I knew her and... she is still the same, of course! Yes, there\u8217\'92s no denying, the Svidriga\u239\'EFlovs are a bitter pill! It\u8217\'92s a bitter thing to spend one\u8217\'92s life a governess in the provinces for two hundred roubles, but I know she would rather be a nigger on a plantation or a Lett with a German master than degrade her soul, and her moral dignity, by binding herself for ever to a man whom she does not respect and with whom she has nothing in common\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for her own advantage. And if Mr. Luzhin had been of unalloyed gold, or one huge diamond, she would never have consented to become his legal concubine. Why is she consenting then? What\u8217\'92s the point of it? What\u8217\'92s the answer? It\u8217\'92s clear enough: for herself, for her comfort, to save her life she would not sell herself, but for someone else she is doing it! For one she loves, for one she adores, she will sell herself! That\u8217\'92s what it all amounts to; for her brother, for her mother, she will sell herself! She will sell everything! In such cases, \u8216\'91we overcome our moral feeling if necessary,\u8217\'92 freedom, peace, conscience even, all, all are brought into the market. Let my life go, if only my dear ones may be happy! More than that, we become casuists, we learn to be Jesuitical and for a time maybe we can soothe ourselves, we can persuade ourselves that it is one\u8217\'92s duty for a good object. That\u8217\'92s just like us, it\u8217\'92s as clear as daylight. It\u8217\'92s clear that Rodion Romanovitch Raskolnikov is the central figure in the business, and no one else}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 He gave a sudden start; another thought, that he had had yesterday, slipped back into his mind. But he did not start at the thought recurring to him, for he knew, he had\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 felt beforehand}{\f0\fs24\b0 , that it must come back, he was expecting it; besides it was not only yesterday\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thought. The difference was that a month ago, yesterday even, the thought was a mere dream: but now... now it appeared not a dream at all, it had taken a new menacing and quite unfamiliar shape, and he suddenly became aware of this himself.... He felt a hammering in his head, and there was a darkness before his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He looked round hurriedly, he was searching for something. He wanted to sit down and was looking for a seat; he was walking along the K\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Boulevard. There was a seat about a hundred paces in front of him. He walked towards it as fast he could; but on the way he met with a little adventure which absorbed all his attention. Looking for the seat, he had noticed a woman walking some twenty paces in front of him, but at first he took no more notice of her than of other objects that crossed his path. It had happened to him many times going home not to notice the road by which he was going, and he was accustomed to walk like that. But there was at first sight something so strange about the woman in front of him, that gradually his attention was riveted upon her, at first reluctantly and, as it were, resentfully, and then more and more intently. He felt a sudden desire to find out what it was that was so strange about the woman. In the first place, she appeared to be a girl quite young, and she was walking in the great heat bareheaded and with no parasol or gloves, waving her arms about in an absurd way. She had on a dress of some light silky material, but put on strangely awry, not properly hooked up, and torn open at the top of the skirt, close to the waist: a great piece was rent and hanging loose. A little kerchief was flung about her bare throat, but lay slanting on one side. The girl was walking unsteadily, too, stumbling and staggering from side to side. She drew Raskolnikov\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole attention at last. He overtook the girl at the seat, but, on reaching it, she dropped down on it, in the corner; she let her head sink on the back of the seat and closed her eyes, apparently in extreme exhaustion. Looking at her closely, he saw at once that she was completely drunk. It was a strange and shocking sight. He could hardly believe that he was not mistaken. He saw before him the face of a quite young, fair-haired girl\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sixteen, perhaps not more than fifteen, years old, pretty little face, but flushed and heavy looking and, as it were, swollen. The girl seemed hardly to know what she was doing; she crossed one leg over the other, lifting it indecorously, and showed every sign of being unconscious that she was in the street.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Raskolnikov did not sit down, but he felt unwilling to leave her, and stood facing her in perplexity. This boulevard was never much frequented; and now, at two o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92clock, in the stifling heat, it was quite deserted. And yet on the further side of the boulevard, about fifteen paces away, a gentleman was standing on the edge of the pavement. He, too, would apparently have liked to approach the girl with some object of his own. He, too, had probably seen her in the distance and had followed her, but found Raskolnikov in his way. He looked angrily at him, though he tried to escape his notice, and stood impatiently biding his time, till the unwelcome man in rags should have moved away. His intentions were unmistakable. The gentleman was a plump, thickly-set man, about thirty, fashionably dressed, with a high colour, red lips and moustaches. Raskolnikov felt furious; he had a sudden longing to insult this fat dandy in some way. He left the girl for a moment and walked towards the gentleman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! You Svidriga\u239\'EFlov! What do you want here?\u8221\'94 he shouted, clenching his fists and laughing, spluttering with rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 the gentleman asked sternly, scowling in haughty astonishment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get away, that\u8217\'92s what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How dare you, you low fellow!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look here, hopelessly drunk, and she has just come down the boulevard. There is no telling who and what she is, she does not look like a professional. It\u8217\'92s more likely she has been given drink and deceived somewhere... for the first time... you understand? and they\u8217\'92ve put her out into the street like that. Look at the way her dress is torn, and the way it has been put on: she has been dressed by somebody, she has not dressed herself, and dressed by unpractised hands, by a man\u8217\'92s hands; that\u8217\'92s evident. And now look there: I don\u8217\'92t know that dandy with whom I was going to fight, I see him for the first time, but he, too, has seen her on the road, just now, drunk, not knowing what she is doing, and now he is very eager to get hold of her, to get her away somewhere while she is in this state... that\u8217\'92s certain, believe me, I am not wrong. I saw him myself watching her and following her, but I prevented him, and he is just waiting for me to go away. Now he has walked away a little, and is standing still, pretending to make a cigarette.... Think how can we keep her out of his hands, and how are we to get her home?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The policeman saw it all in a flash. The stout gentleman was easy to understand, he turned to consider the girl. The policeman bent over to examine her more closely, and his face worked with genuine compassion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, what a pity!\u8221\'94 he said, shaking his head\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93why, she is quite a child! She has been deceived, you can see that at once. Listen, lady,\u8221\'94 he began addressing her, \u8220\'93where do you live?\u8221\'94 The girl opened her weary and sleepy-looking eyes, gazed blankly at the speaker and waved her hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here,\u8221\'94 said Raskolnikov feeling in his pocket and finding twenty copecks, \u8220\'93here, call a cab and tell him to drive her to her address. The only thing is to find out her address!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poor girl!\u8221\'94 he said, looking at the empty corner where she had sat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93She will come to herself and weep, and then her mother will find out.... She will give her a beating, a horrible, shameful beating and then maybe, turn her out of doors.... And even if she does not, the Darya Frantsovnas will get wind of it, and the girl will soon be slipping out on the sly here and there. Then there will be the hospital directly (that\u8217\'92s always the luck of those girls with respectable mothers, who go wrong on the sly) and then... again the hospital... drink... the taverns... and more hospital, in two or three years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a wreck, and her life over at eighteen or nineteen.... Have not I seen cases like that? And how have they been brought to it? Why, they\u8217\'92ve all come to it like that. Ugh! But what does it matter? That\u8217\'92s as it should be, they tell us. A certain percentage, they tell us, must every year go... that way... to the devil, I suppose, so that the rest may remain chaste, and not be interfered with. A percentage! What splendid words they have; they are so scientific, so consolatory.... Once you\u8217\'92ve said \u8216\'91percentage\u8217\'92 there\u8217\'92s nothing more to worry about. If we had any other word... maybe we might feel more uneasy.... But what if Dounia were one of the percentage! Of another one if not that one?}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}