{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Born into a noble family in 1098.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Monastic troubleshooter, consultant exorcist, and visitnig preacher.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rather than choosing to enter their daughter formally as a child in a convent where she would be brought up to become a nune (a practic known as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91oblation\u8217\'92), hildegard\u8217\'92s parents had taken the more radical step of enclosing their daughter, apparently for life, in the cell of an anchoress, attached to the benedictine monastery at disiboedenberg. Jutta, it should be said, was not merely a pious woman, but the young and beautiful daughter of a local count. She undertook to instruct hildegard in the recitation of the psater, the major part of the anchoress\u8217\'92s day, and no doubt in other womanly occupations in the time left over from their programme of prayer. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But as with other religious movements and institutions, such as the egyptian hermits and the cistercians ,extraordinary spirituality soon attracted a large foowing of would-be disciples - the original institution was forced to diversify. So it was at disibodenberg, where the daughters of the local nobility were sent by their parents, and the cell which hahd sufficed for jutta, hildegard, and their servant now had to accomodate a large number of poepe.  The recluse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cell had become, to all intents and purposes, a small benedictine convent., attached to and dependent on the monastery at disibodenberg.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91The tranquility of her heart was demonstrated in modest silence and economical speech\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 During this time she ceased talking about what she saw by supernatural means, as such openness had only caused her embarrassment when younger. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Interesting story of the founding - one holy woman - rich person dedicate child, then another, and another, now a convent has started.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Scivias - contraction of sci vias domini - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91know the ways of the lord\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  HIldegard hesitated to act, fearing she was unequal to the task.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Interpreting herillness as a sign of god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s displeasure, hildegard finally told volmar about her difficulty. With his help, and the permission of abbot kuno of disibodenberg, she was encouraged to begin writing down the visions which formed the basis of the scivias. Immediately her illness lifted and as she subsequently wrote, \u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab At some stage abbot kuno informed archbishop henry of mainz about hildegad\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work and it was through him that pope eugenius, a cisterician protege of st bernard, came to hear about it at the synod hed in trier between nov 1147 and feb 1148. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A commissionwas sent to disibodenberg to find out more about hildegard and her writings, satisfied that the visious were authentic they returned to trier with a completed portion of the scivias. Here the pope, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91hoding it in his own hands read it aloud to the archbishop and cardinals. It was subsequently resolved that hildegard should be commanded to transcribe and make known whatever she received in this way from the holy spirit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were both biblical and early christian precedents for the role of female prophet. Moreover, a woman could be a prophet without upsetting the perceived natural order, since no particular attributes of her own were required, except, possibly, humility. Indeed, there was some suggestion that god might specifically choose the weak and despised to confound the strong. Thus to be a female prophet was to confirm women\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inferiority, rather than to deny it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In this way hildegard was able to participate int e field of theological writing by disclaiming any intention of operating on the same terms as those who had appropriated it. But soon after this ground was conceded hildegard began to adopt other apostolic prerogatives. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nevertheless the world and all that pertained to it was thought to be in decline, having reached its last age. In this period of the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s senescence hildegard saw a special role allotted to herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anchorite"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anchorite}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In addition to being the physical location wherein the anchorite could embark on a journey toward union with God, the anchorhold also provided a spiritual and geographic focus for people from the wider society seeking spiritual advice and guidance. Though set apart from the community by stone walls and specific spiritual precepts, the anchorite lay at the very centre of the community. The anchorhold has been called a communal "womb" from which would emerge an idealised sense of a community's reborn potential as Christians and as human subjects.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Allodial land (land hed on one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own account and not form others)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hildegard places the first intimations of her extraordinary spiritual gifts at about the age of 3 when she \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91saw such a great light that my soul quaked\u8217\'92. However at that age she was unable to commnicate the nature of her experience to others. As her power to describe such experiences increased, so did her realization that she was in some way set apart from her fellows. The experience of the word that would allow her to distinguish what was normal from what was not may have been slow in coming to hildegard because seh was frequently ill. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As time went on, she tried to conceal from others the nature and extent of her gifts. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91When I was filled with this vision I said many things which were strange to the hearers\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 St. Disibod, a wandering Irish bishop who settled there in the seventh century at the junction of the rivers nahe and glan. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Jutta, the daughter of count stephan of spanheim, rejecting all offers of marriage, had decided to dedicate herself to god. She chose the life of a recluse or anchoress, rather than that of a nun in a regular convent of women. In accordance with her wisshes her father built her a cell at disibodenberg. The location of jutta\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cell cannot now be established with any certainty. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Anchoress - gilbert of sempringham -door was kept locked, with gilbert, jealous guardian of hte key and the nun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chastity- walls, ditches, barred windows, the fenestra versitilis (a revolving hatch so that the nuns did not see those who passed through the provisions), even the prohibition of singing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A locked door tended by an old woman of expetional probity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It is difficult for parents today to understand the mentality of those who were willing not only to enlist their children as conscripts in the army of god, but to do so in such a strict and irrevocable form. ..the justification for committing a 7-year-old to such a life may have rested on the assumption that the presnet was but a moment in eternity and that a life of such strict enclosure was the most certain way of attaining everlasting bliss.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The day fixed for the induction came and with people of both high and low degree standing by, in the manner of those who are given over for the last offices of funeral rites\u8230\'85with lighted torches\u8230\'85 they were buried by the abbot of the place and the brothers ,as if truly dead to the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was customary for the priest to rehearse the commendations of the soul made at the funeral \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91as far s the placing of the deceased on the bier\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A typical winter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s day would begin at about 2 a.m when all rose for the office of matins. This was the longest and most complicated of the offices nad was meant to accommodate an entire repetition of the 150 psalms of the psalter each week. After matins there was a short interval befor lauds, recited at first light, followed by prime at sunrise. The day offices were shorter than those of the night and were held at the first, third, sixth, and ninth hours, hence the names: prime, terce, sext, none. The evening office, vespers, was meant to be held while it was stilll light, and the day ended at sunset with compline.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Manual labor undertaken to support hte monastery had become increasingly attenuated as servants and tenants came to perform the necessary manual tasks. Intellectual and artistic work connected with the writing and production of books began quite early to play a larger part in the monk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If copying scriptures was too hard on the eyes, making combs, boxes and wooden cups, rush mats, or osier baskets - peter the venerable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hildegard - water, she suggests, is not to be taken in winter, and only in moderation and by healthy people in summer. Considering the dubious nature of most medieval water supplies, this advice is probably quite sound. Beer and wine are her preferred drinks ass she considers them better for weak constitutions. Beer gives a lovely colour to the face and makes you fatter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Custumals}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What had first appeared as a ninchoate light to her infant mind and subsequently manifested itself as an ability to predict the future  was now nothing less than the ability to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91understand, without any human teaching, the writings of the prophets, the evangelists and of other holy men adn those of certain philosophers\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elanor of aquitane }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Matilda of tuscany}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Heloise to abelard - it is the general lot of women to be the downfall of great men, citing eve, delilah, solomon, and job.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Three meanins outside the literal - the moral or tropological, the allegorical or mystical, and the anagogical. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Let whoever has sharp ears of interior understanding pant after my words in the burning love of my mirror and inscribe them in his soul\u8217\'92s inner comprehension.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All is seen as grist to her mill, interdependent and worthy of consideration}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They maintain  weak intention towards good works when they ought to advance bravely in deeds of righteousness and they do not run single-mindedly in the teachings of the church because their minds concentrate on earthly rather than heavenly matters; and therefore they are foolish before God, because they wish to understand by secular wisdom what cannot be comprehended.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91carless of life, with hard hearts on account of contumacious and impenitent foly receive the judgment of death, as ezekiel says in his mystica vision\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 St anslem - few would be saved and they would practically all be monks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 O woe, wretched, O woe, wretched, O woe, wretched men who so fouly cut themselves off and engage in such perversity before the eyes of my majesty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only unpardonable sin is to believe that one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sins are too great fro the mercy of god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The three orders appear to be the seculars, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the common wordly people\u8217\'92; the priests and ishops, referred to as the \u8216\'91perfumers\u8217\'92, who are successors of the apostles, and the \u8216\'91living odour, vowing the way of secret regeneration\u8217\'92, which represents the monastic order. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But there are many to be found both among the spirituas and the seculars, who pollute themselves not only in fornicating with women, but even place on themselves the most heavy burden of condign judgmenet, by contaminating themselves in perverse fornication. HOw? A man, who sins with another man according to themanner of women, sins bitterly against god and against that conjunction by wich god joined man and woman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maceration of the flesh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 the quality of being\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=00520ed6624bb107&sxsrf=ACQVn09KWHAJrWFSQeZjgZR02WYRNPVboA:1709485215572&q=scurrilous&si=AKbGX_pvY3MWP4azJI0Z_NruCLb8hJCldYH9mBR8SdWf2nsPHx6nLIBFe2nc_vhqu4ZW2Vw5kAC94ysi9xvfM7CkglyqDgXdU0cJzcib04NOf50vPIlKw0w%3D&expnd=1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 scurrilous}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "a mixture of humor and mild scurrility"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Psychomachia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychomachia"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychomachia}}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {You are dolorous in all your works.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Cranshnabel (common storksbill) is very hot and a little damp\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 take storksbill therefore and a bit less of bertram than storksbilll, and a bit less of nutmeg than bertram and pound them up and mix them together, and let whoever suffers a disease of the heart eat the powder, with or without bread.}
\par\plain {- physica}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Catalogue of jewels found in isidore, hildegard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magical qualities of jewels}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Exciting a tempest in all the veins}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Take a sparrowhawk, pluck it, then having discarded the head and entrails put the rest of the body in a new pot perforated with small holes and put it on the fire without water and put another pot under it to catche the drippings. Pounds  some calandria and a little camphor and mix with the drippings and heat it on the fire again and ust make an oitment. And a man should anoint his genitals with this for five days then his libidinous cravings will be gone in a month.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {There follows a rather macabre rememdy for jaundice, using a stunned bat which is tied to the back of the sufferer before being transferred to the stomach and worn there until it expires.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Read this physica - super interesting \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91early naturalist\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {Also causae et curae - cosmology}
\par\plain {Liber divinorum operum}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Commendation condemnation}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Believed foetus nourished by menstreul blood}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Her description of man being tossed by the winds of desire is not just a metaphor, since this wind arises in the marrow, sweeps down to the loins, and is constricted there within a narrow space. In fact finding its way into the testicles, the wind is concentrated as in a bellows, inflating the penis.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Used to be - women were more lustful than men.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {When a woman is making love with a man, a sense of heat in her brain, which brings with it sensual delight, communicates the taste of that delight during the act and summons forth the emission of the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seed. And when the seed has fallen into its place, that vehement heat descending from her brain draws the seed into itself and holds it, and soon the woman\u8217\'92s sexual organs contract, and all the parts that are ready to open up now close.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The woman is seen as the threshing floor pounded by many strokes, and in another as land under the plough.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The valley cannot hide the mountain}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The dove looked in}
\par\plain {Through the window grates}
\par\plain {Where before its face}
\par\plain { Balm was crystallizing}
\par\plain {From shining maximin.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {St. Ursula a british princess who had repudiated her marriage, and with a company of 11,000 like-minded maidens (the large number apparently arose form a copyisst\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s error) made a journey to rome. On the way back the entire company was martyred by rome.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rivers are veins which transport us - micro cosm and macrocosm}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {And in those days an impure woman will conceive a wicked child.. He will be raised in diverse and hidden places, so he is not recognized by men, and he will be furnished with all the arts of the devil and hidden until he reaches maturity, nor will he reveal the perversity which is in him.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Ambit}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Insulated from vulgar scrutiny.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/39537/pg39537-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/39537/pg39537-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 the refuge of the gently born}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The fact that the greater portion of the female population was unaffected by the existence of the outlet provided by conventual life for women\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s energies is a significant one. The reason for it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 paradoxical as this may sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lies in the very narrowness of the sphere to which women of gentle birth were confined. The disadvantage of rank is that so many honest occupations are not, in its eyes, honourable occupations. In the lowest ranks of society the poor labourer upon the land had no need to get rid of his daughter, if he could not find her a husband, nor would it have been to his interest to do so; for, working in the fields among his sons, or spinning and brewing with his wife at home, she could earn a supplementary if not a living wage. The tradesman or artisan in the town was in a similar position. He recognised that the ideal course was to find a husband for his growing girl, but the alternative was in no sense that she should eat out her heart and his income during long years at home; and if he were too poor to provide her with a sufficient dower, he could and often did apprentice her to a trade. The number of industries which were carried on by women in the middle ages shows that for the burgess and lower classes there were other outlets besides marriage; and then, as now, domestic service provided for many. But the case of the well-born lady was different. The knight or the county gentleman could not apprentice his superfluous}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 6]\~daughters to a pursemaker or a weaver in the town; not from them were drawn the regrateresses in the market place and the harvest gatherers in the field; nor was it theirs to make the parti-coloured bed and shake the coverlet, worked with grapes and unicorns, in some rich vintner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house. There remained for him, if he did not wish or could not afford to keep them at home and for them, if they desired some scope for their young energies, only marriage or else a convent, where they might go with a smaller dower than a husband of their own rank would demand.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 an honourable career for superfluous girls, who were unwilling or unable to marry}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Occasionally the nuns seem to have resented or resisted these attempts to foist the deformed and the half-witted upon them. One of the reasons urged by the obstinate inmates of Stratford against receiving little Isabel Bret was that she was deformed in her person}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/39537/pg39537-images.html#f_126"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0 [}}{\f0\fs20\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 126]}{\f0\fs24\b0 . It was complained against the Prioress of Ankerwyke at Alnwick\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s visitation in 1441 that she made\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ideotas}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and other unfit persons nuns}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/39537/pg39537-images.html#f_127"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0 [}}{\f0\fs20\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 127]}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; and in 1514 the Prioress of Thetford was similarly charged with intending shortly to receive illiterate and deformed persons as nuns and especially one Dorothy Sturges, a deaf and deformed gentlewoman. Her designs were frustrated, but the nuns of Blackborough were less particular and in 1532 Dorothy answered among her sisters that nothing was in need of reform in that little house}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/39537/pg39537-images.html#f_128"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0 [}}{\f0\fs20\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 128]}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lay and ecclesiastical opinion alike condemned another practice, which seems to have been fairly widespread in medieval England, that of forcing into convents children too young to realise their fate, or even girls old enough to resist, of whom}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 34]\~unscrupulous relatives desired to be rid, generally in order to gain possession of their inheritance; for a nun, dead in the eyes of the law which governed the world, could claim no share in her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s estate}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The case of Agnes, nun of Haverholme, illustrates at once the reason for which an unwilling girl might be immured in a nunnery and the obstacles which her order would place in the way of escape. She enters history in a papal mandate of 1304, by which three ecclesiastics are ordered to take proceedings in the case of Agnes, whose father and stepmother (how familiar and like a fairy tale it sounds) in order to deprive her of her heritage, shut her up in the monastery of Haverholme. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The canons and nuns of Sempringham (to which order Haverholme belonged) declare,\u8221\'94 continues the mandate, \u8220\'93that she took the habit out of devotion, but refuse to confirm their assertion by oath\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Was she to listen meekly to chiding in the dorter, and in the frater to bear with sulks? Impossible. How she comported herself we know not, but the bishop \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93found grave discord existing between the Prioress and dame Isabel Clinton, some of the sisters adhering to one and some to the other.\u8221\'94 Evidently a battle royal. The}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 40]\~bishop, poor man, did his best. He enjoined peace and concord among the inmates; the sisters were to treat the prioress with reverence and obedience; those who had rebelled against her were to desist and the prioress was to behave amicably to all in frater, dorter, and elsewhere. And so my lord went his way. He may have known the pertinacity of the late patroness; and it was perhaps with resignation and without surprise that he confirmed her election as prioress on the death of the harassed Agnes.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Some may perhaps have found married life even such an odious tale, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a licking of honey off thorns,\u8221\'94 as the misguided realist who wrote\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Hali Meidenhad}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~sought to depict it.}{  - marriage}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The lopp (flea) and the gout on a time spake together, and among other talking either of them asked [the] other of their lodging and how they were harboured and where, the night next before. And the flea made a great plaint and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was harboured in the bed of an abbess, betwixt the white sheets upon a soft mattress and there I trowed to have had good harbourage, for her flesh was fat and tender, and thereof I trowed to have had my fill. And first, when I began for to bite her, she began to cry and call on her maidens and when they came, anon they lighted candles and sought me, but I hid me till they were gone. And then I bit her again and she came again and sought me with a light, so that I was fain to leap out of the bed; and all this night I had no rest, but was chased and chevied [\u8216\'91charrid\u8217\'92] and scarce gat away with my life.\u8221\'94 Then answered the gout and said, \u8220\'93I was harboured in a poor woman\u8217\'92s house and anon as I pricked her in her great toe she rose and wetted a great bowl full of clothes and}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 75]\~went with them unto the water and stood therein with me up to her knees; so that, what for cold and for holding in the water, I was nearhand slain.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 And then the flea said, \u8220\'93This night will we change our harbourage\u8221\'94; and so they did. And on the morn they met again and then the flea said unto the gout, \u8220\'93This night have I had good harbourage, for the woman that was thine host yesternight was so weary and so irked, that I was sickerly harboured with her and ate of her blood as mickle as I would.\u8221\'94 And then answered the gout and said unto the flea: \u8220\'93Thou gavest me good counsel yestereven, for the abbess underneath a gay coverlet, and a soft sheet and a delicate, covered me and nourished me all night. And as soon as I pricked her in her great toe, she wrapped me in furs, and if I hurt her never so ill she let me alone and laid me in the softest part of the bed and troubled me nothing. And therefore as long as she lives I will be harboured with her, for she makes mickle of me.\u8221\'94 And then said the flea, \u8220\'93I will be harboured with poor folk as long as I live, for there may I be in good rest and eat my full and nobody let [hinder] me\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Margaret Fairfax of Nunmonkton (1397) and the lady (her name is unknown) who ruled Easebourne in 1441 are other}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 77]\~examples of worldly prioresses; they clearly regarded themselves as the great ladies they were by birth, and behaved like all the other great ladies of the neighbourhood. Margaret Fairfax used divers furs, including even the costly grey fur (gris)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same with which the sleeves of Chaucer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s monk were \u8220\'93purfiled at the hond\u8221\'94; she wore silken veils and \u8220\'93she frequently kept company with John Munkton and invited him to feasts in her room ... and John Munkton (by whom the convent had for long been scandalised) frequently played at tables\u8221\'94 (the fashionable game for ladies, a kind of backgammon) \u8220\'93with the Prioress in her room and served her with drink.\u8221\'94 No wonder she had to sell timber in order to procure money}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/39537/pg39537-images.html#f_232"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0 [}}{\f0\fs20\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 232]}{\f0\fs24\b0 . The Prioress of Easebourne was even more frivolous; the nuns complained that the house was in debt to the amount of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u163\'A340 and this principally owing to her costly expenses:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 because she frequently rides abroad and pretends that she does so on the common business of the house, although it is not so, with a train of attendants much too large, and tarries long abroad, and she feasts sumptuously both when abroad and at home, and she is very choice in her dress, so that the fur trimmings of her mantle are worth a hundred shillings,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}