{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Grading Intelligent Design as a Pseudoscience\line \line I stumbled upon a [chart](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/HypotheticalPhysics/comments/1grx45q/what_if_there_was_a_theory_of_every_pseudoscience"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.reddit.com/r/HypotheticalPhysics/comments/1grx45q/what_if_there_was_a_theory_of_every_pseudoscience}}{/) on a Physics subreddit which serves a similar function as this subreddit--keeping crackpots from infesting the normal science subreddits. The chart purports to outline the characteristics of pseudoscience. I thought it would be a fun exercise to grade Creationism, particularly \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Intelligent Design\u8217\'92  (a.k.a. accepts \u8216\'91microevolution\u8217\'92 but not \u8216\'91macroevolution\u8217\'92), on how well it conforms to those characteristics. All categories will be graded on a scale from 0 to 10. The higher the number, the more the characteristic represents the position.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If I was strictly on analyzing the claims of IDers on the merits of their own theory, instead of their claims about evolution, they would receive, in almost all categories, a 10. For example, claims of a supernatural being are fundamentally an unfalsifiable. But in the interest of fun, I decided to address more of overall gestalt of their beliefs and behavior. If that makes sense.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {1.) Is Unfalsifiable - 7}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab At the core of Intelligent Design is the claim that macroevolution is impossible. ID Proponentsists rarely propose tests which would falsify that claim. The reason why they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do this is because they believe they don\u8217\'92t need to. They feel confident in saying that macroevolution\u8217\'92s impossibility is a justified default position, or at least, they are not *forced* into agreeing with macroevolution until it is demonstrated.}
\par\plain {\tab This is not valid is because there is no difference between \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91micro\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91macro\u8217\'92 evolution. Those IDers who correctly recognize that micro and macro are equivalent, have invented a concept called Genetic Entropy. These folks admit that large genomic changes can and do occur, but they stipulate that these large changes can only ever decrease an organism\u8217\'92s fitness. This model can generate predictions. Unfortunately, these predictions do not fare well, as evidenced by the success of organisms with extremely short generation times. Also, empirically estimated distributions of fitness effects produce rates of beneficial mutations which Genetic Entropists do not model.\line \tab So, in recognition of the efforts of the Genetic Entropy crew, ID gets a charitable 7 in unfalsifiability.\line \line 2.) Relies heavily on anecdotes and personal experiences - 8}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve heard IDs with PhDs, who teach at religious universities, default to, \u8220\'93I just \u8216\'91see\u8217\'92 limits on evolution\u8221\'94. This is telling. Push hard enough on an IDer, and the anecdotes and personal experiences will come out. There *are* a precious few IDers who claim to have come to the position on the weight of the evidence, and they try their best not to resort to statements of incredulity or divine authority. If these folks weren\u8217\'92t in the extreme minority, ID might have scored better here.\line \line 3.) Cherry Picks confirming evidence, while ignoring/minimizing disconfirming evidence - 10\line \line \tab The position of ID cannot be held without heavily minimizing the disconfirming evidence found in both genetics and the fossil record.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {4.)  Uses Technobabble - 9}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab ID is built upon ill-defined terms, primarily \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Kind\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91Design\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91Information\u8217\'92. For some IDers, \u8216\'91Baraminology\u8217\'92 is literally the science of \u8216\'91you know it when you see it\u8217\'92. Not very rigorous, to say the least. There are a few IDers who recognize this fault and try, unsuccessfully, to remedy it. It\u8217\'92s rare for any psuedoscience people to straight up admit their position is rooted in fluffy terms that mean, essentially, whatever they want it to, so out of respect for the gall I have to give them a 9 instead of a 10.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {5.)  Lacks Plausible Mechanism - 10}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab Magic and divine intervention are not generally considered to be plausible mechanisms. Focusing on their claim that macroevolution from microevolution is impossible, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never proposed a plausible mechanism which would place such a limit on microevolution (outside of the falsified genetic entropy).}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {6.) Is Unchanging - 3}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab In my mind, IDers represent those creationists who were forced, kicking and screaming, into accepting the reality of an old-earth and evolution (microevolution). So, from the position of wanting to encourage honest investigation, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll give them a healthy three.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {7.) Makes Extraordinary claims with insufficient evidence - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u945\'61\u8739\'7C0\u10217\'3F+\u946\'DF\u8739\'7C10\u10217\'3F}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab The score for this category exists as a superposition between states; 0 and 10.  This is because some IDers make no claims at all, so as to avoid internal critique, and others make the most extraordinary claims, like hyper evolution within a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91kind\u8217\'92.\line \line 8.) Professes certainty - NULL}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab A true IDer is never certain or uncertain. The Truth was divinely revealed to them, and Truth is not subject to the whims of logic, reason, and humanity\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ill-considered flings with ungrounded knowledge.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {9.) Commits logical fallacies - 4}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab There is very little fallacious reasoning in the ID community, but only because there is very little reasoning.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {10.) Lacks peer review - 8}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab Peer review cosplay is cute, so, things like Answers Research Journal and the Creation Research Science Quarterly bump the score here.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {11.) Claims there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a conspiracy to hide their views - Over 9000}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab This is the true hallmark of a crackpottery.  ID literature abounds with stories of brave Christians who were silenced at their universities for speaking out. Among the faithful, this is presented against a backdrop of a great invisible war being waged between angels and demons. Even ID\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most luminous, \u8216\'91sane\u8217\'92 figures, like John Sanford, will insinuate that Charles Darwin was a great demon who reaped millions of souls for Satan. Perhaps I, too, am a footsoldier without my knowing. Of course, a demon would play innocent, wouldn\u8217\'92t he?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Conclusion}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {With a score of 9000+, I am forced to conclude that ID is a pseudoscience. If you disagree, I would be particularly interested in seeing your response to the accusations of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Technobabble\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91Lacks a Plausible Mechanism\u8217\'92. I will not accept any whataboutisms. I don\u8217\'92t care if you think evolution also uses technobabble (it doesn\u8217\'92t) and/or \u8216\'91lacks a plausible mechansim\u8217\'92 (it doesn\u8217\'92t). I require instead, that you defend your own position.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A thought on the Macro/Micro \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91debate\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {What it is you mean by you \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91accept microevolution, but reject macroevolution\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The average Intelligent Design Proponentsist accepts the validity of microevolution, but they believe that macro evolution is impossible. The average IDer does not attempt falsify that claim. The reason why they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make the attempt is, in part, because they believe they don\u8217\'92t need to. They feel confident in saying that macroevolution\u8217\'92s impossibility is a justified default position, or at least, they believe they cannot be forced into agreeing with macroevolution until it is \u8216\'91observed\u8217\'92. Microevolution has been observed, so they conceed the point there.}
\par\plain {\tab It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s often said that macroevolution is just microevolution plus time, but I think this gives an inaccurate picture. Microevolution *already* incorporates time. Microevolution is the change in allele frequencies in a population }{\f0\fs24\i1 over time}{. Macroevolution is exactly the same.\line \tab Why would we use two different words to refer to the exact same process?}
\par\plain {\tab The different words are simply shorthand for a difference in scale. The time component in microevolution is short, in macroevolution it is long, usually referring to geologic time scales. This is not all that different to the difference between the words \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91weather\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91climate\u8217\'92. They both refer to a sequence of changes in atmospheric conditions over time. The difference is only scale. How absurd it would be to say, \u8220\'93I believe that weather can change from day to day, but I don\u8217\'92t believe that it can change from day to day to day to day, and so on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab There are IDers who correctly recognize that microevolution and macroevolution are equivalent. They recognize that, if they want anyone serious to pay attention to them, they need to present an alternative model.}
\par\plain {\tab Genetic Entropy admits that large genomic changes (macroevolution) can and does occur, but it stipulates that these large changes can only ever decrease an organism\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fitness. Unfortunately, Genetic Entropy [does not fare well](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2o_KC7sc98"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2o_KC7sc98}}{), as evidenced by the success of organisms with extremely short generation times. Genetic Entropy claims that these organisms should be uniformly losing fitness, or even die out. They do not. Another important point is that Genetic Entropy presumes no new mutations are beneficial; this runs counter to empirically estimated [distributions of fitness effects](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.nature.com/articles/nrg2146"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.nature.com/articles/nrg2146}}{). Beneficial mutations are rare, but they do exist, and they are enough to power the engine of evolution.}
\par\plain {\tab IDers also like to appeal to the concept of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91genetic hotspots\u8217\'92. The idea here is that mutations only ever flip the same few alleles on and off again for thousands, if not millions of years. So, small changes can occur, but large changes are out of the question. Unfortunately, it\u8217\'92s [already](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC10019588"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC10019588}}{/) [understood](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23617905"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23617905}}{/) that genetic variation is not distributed evenly within the genome. There are hotspots, and it is a field of active investigation, but nothing discovered has been shown to pose an intractable problem for evolution.}
\par\plain {\tab An alternative Creationist model not only accepts microevolution, but turbocharges it into divinely-inspired macroevolution. [Created Heterozygosity and Natural Processes](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://answersresearchjournal.org/origin-eukaryotic-species-diversity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://answersresearchjournal.org/origin-eukaryotic-species-diversity}}{/) (CHNP) is the idea that God created the original \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91kinds\u8217\'92 with built-in genetic diversity in the form heterozygous gene pairs. Over time, natural processes like genetic recombination caused these pairs to evolve into the many variations we see today. Unfortunately, fitting this model within a YEC worldview would require mutations to generate an incredible number of brand new functional alleles within a few thousand years. At this point, we\u8217\'92re clearly no longer denying the reality of macroevolution. It\u8217\'92s clear that the point of CHNP is to smuggle in acceptance of macroevolution without bringing in the rest of the \u8216\'91evolution narrative\u8217\'92--they don\u8217\'92t want to believe humans evolved from chimp-like ancestors. One then wonders, if CHNP is accurate, why do we find all these [fossil hominids](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_human_evolution_fossils"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_human_evolution_fossils}}{) distributed, in evolutionary sequence, through the rock?}
\par\plain {\tab Continuous Environmental Tracking is a unique creationist model in that it does away with the whole notion of evolution via natural selection altogether. It posits that populations of organisms can change over time by detecting changes in the environment, and responding to those changes with a change in form. As Dr. Dan Cardinale (pointed out)[}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1xf2JEeRvw"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1xf2JEeRvw}}{], this is a re-branding of a very old idea. He shows how a 1943 paper by Luria and Delbruck falsified this position. In short, different populations of bacteria evolved resistance to a bacteriophage at random rates - this is in line with adaption through random mutation and natural selection. Adaptation through detection and response would predict a non-random, closer to fixed rate of evolution across all populations.}
\par\plain {\tab Lastly, the granddaddy of them all, is Irreducible Complexity.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }