{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bladimir lossky - no theology without mysticism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theosis - becoming diving - eastern othrodox church. Hesychat- apophatic - god is beyond human understanding. Clement of alexandria - we can only attain to god in study of what he is not. Pseudo-dionysius - the mystical theology. We can never know god or what he is because he is unknowable. It is through unknowing that we approach the ineffable darkness of the godhead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Western mystics like eckhart}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Him who is above every possible object of knowledge. Proceeding by negations one ascens from the inferior degrees of being to the highest, by progressily setting aside all that can be known, in order to draw near to the Unknown in the darkness of absolute ignorance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Me - He is that which is Unknown. He resides in the darkness of absoulute ignorance, and so to find him, one must set aside all that can be known.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A means of attaining union with him through prayer - abandoning knowledge - meditation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hesychasm - tradition of meditation and prayer in the eastern orthodox church. 14th century and before. Unity with god. Direct experience with gods light through turning inward of contemplation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hesychia - inner stillness. Body postures and breathing techniques and prayers. Head bowed, chin reaching chest, eyes on the heart, breathing done in time with the prayers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THe Jesus prayer - Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, Have mercy upon me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not dissimilar to yoga. But body postures are to simply aid concentration.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turn inward, journy into apophatic darkness, beyond all understanding and paradoxically, the light of god is experienced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each of us is a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91living theology\u8217\'92, and because we are god\u8217\'92s icon, we can find god by looking within our own heart, by \u8216\'91returning within ourselves\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The kingdom of God is within you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He who knows himself, knows God.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you see your brother or sister, you see god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God became human so that we might become God.\u8221\'94 - athanasius.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Barlaam of seminara}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Controversy - called it heretical - how could god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light be experienced with the eyes. This must be a created light, not the creator itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gregory palamas - mt. Athos. So successful that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mainstream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Triads for the defence of those who practice sacred quietude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s essence and God\u8217\'92s energies}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Essence of god - totally beyond all comprehension . God is not a nature, for he is above all nature. He is not a being, for he is above all beings, no single thing of all that is created has or ever will have even the slightest communion with the supreme nature or nearness to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Energies - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Relationship of god with the created world  - how god manifests himself to created things}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - not created - fully god but not the same as the essence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They are outpourings of the divine nature which cannot set bouds to itself, for god is more tha nessence. The energies might be described as that mode of existence of the trinity which is outside of its inaccessible essence. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of creation is a gigantic Burning Bush, permeated but not consumed by the ineffable and wondrous fire of God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s energies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Miasmatic theory - build eiffel tower like structure to bring fresh air down}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Philokalia - collection of hesychast texts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eckhart }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marguerite porete}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passed by god in the abyss. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I speak in all truth, that this same ligh (the spark of the soul) is not content with the simple divine essence in its repose, as it neither gives nor receives; but it wants to know the source of this issence, it wants to go into the simple ground, into the quiet desert ,into which distinction never gazed, not the father ,nor the son, nor the holy spirit. In breaking through, when I come to be free of will of myself and of god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s will and of all his works and of god himself, then I am above all created things, and I am neither god nor creature, but I am what I was and what I shall remain, now and eternally. As long as the soul has god, knows god and is aware of god, she is far from god. The greatest honor the soul can pay to god is to leave god to himself and be free of him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When complete self-realization has been reached, and we have returned to the limitless ground where the soul and god is without distinction, god unbecomes or dies, we leave god behind and exist only in the ground which is god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s true essence. We have broken through into total unity with the divine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should completly sink away for your you-ness and flow into his his-ness and your you and his his shall become one \u8216\'91our\u8217\'92 so totally that with him you eternally comprehend his unbecoming isness and his unnamed nothingness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once you break through into the ground of god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s being, we let go of all virtues and religious obligations}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mahmud shabistari}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When absolute existence is alluded to, people use the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8221\'94 as a matter of expression. When reality has taken form through individuation, you refer to It in language with the word \u8220\'93I\u8221\'94. You and I are \u8216\'91accidents\u8217\'92 of the Essence of Being, like openings in the covering of the lamp of Being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ibn \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91arabi and the unity of being}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The water tkes on the color of the cup - the god in yuor head is what you worship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The infinite self-disclosure of god}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The human being is a microcosmic reflection of the macrocosmic god}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - human is a shard of a mirror, glimmering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hidden treasures wanting to be known \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91gods attributes\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Complete self-annihilation reflect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The self is grime on a mirror.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beloved, I sought you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here and there,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Asked for news of you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From all I met;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then saw you through myself}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And found we were identitcal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now I blush to think I ever searched for signs of you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rumi}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Young folk can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be good painters. Beauty is wasted on the young. Old folks see all the things that arer a blur. The skin my god the skin. The lips, full, and a soft chin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beguine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hadewijch of antwerp}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -central focus is on love and the dialectic of desire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haild by Lacan as the only person (beside him) to have actually understood the psychology of desire and pleasure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spiritually athletic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}