{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/32840/pg32840-images.html#link2H_4_0001"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/32840/pg32840-images.html#link2H_4_0001}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Depressed in spirit as Lever was, his wit was unextinguished; he was still the delight of the salons with his stories, and in 1867, after a few years' experience of a similar kind at\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spezia"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Spezia}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , he was cheered by a letter from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord_Derby"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Lord Derby}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~offering him the more lucrative consulship of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trieste"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Trieste}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . "Here is six hundred a year for doing nothing, and you are just the man to do it." The six hundred could not atone to Lever for the lassitude of prolonged exile.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>A WORD OF APOLOGY FOR MY TITLE.<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Before I begin my story, let me crave my reader's indulgence for a brief word of explanation, for which I know no better form than a parable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There is an Eastern tale\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I forget exactly where or by whom told\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of a certain poor man, who, being in extreme distress, and sorely puzzled as to how to eke out a livelihood, bethought him to give out that he was a great magician, endowed with the most marvellous powers, amongst others, that of tracing out crime, and detecting the secret history of all guilty transactions. Day after day did he proclaim to the world his wonderful gifts, telling his fellow-citizens what a remarkable man was amongst them, and bidding them thank Destiny for the blessing of his presence. Now, though the story has not recorded whether their gratitude was equal to the occasion, we are informed that the Caliph heard of the great magician, and summoned him to his presence, for it chanced just at the moment that the royal treasury had been broken into by thieves, and gems of priceless value carried away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Find out these thieves for me,\u8221\'94 said the Caliph, \u8220\'93or with your own head pay the penalty of their crime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grant me but forty days, O king,\u8221\'94 cried he, \u8220\'93and I will bring them all before you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So saying, he went away, but was no sooner at home and in the solitude of his own house than be tore his beard, beat his breast, and, humbling his head to the ground, cried out,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Son of a burned father was I, not to be content with poverty and a poor existence! Why did I ever pretend to gifts that I had not, or dare to tell men that I possessed powers that were not mine? See to what vainglory and boastfulness have brought me. In forty days I am to die an ignominious death!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thus grieving and self-accusing, the weary hours passed over, and the night closed in only to find him in all the anguish of his sorrow; nor was it the least poignant of his sufferings, as he bethought him that already one of his forty days was drawing to its close, for in his heart he had destined this period to enjoyment and self-indulgence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, though aspiring to the fame of a magician, so little learning did he possess, that it was only by recourse to a contrivance he was able to reckon the days as they passed, and calculate how much of life remained to him. The expedient he hit upon was to throw each night into an olive-jar a single date, by counting which at any time he could know how many days had elapsed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 While his own conscience smote him bitterly for the foolish deception he had practised, there were, as it happened, others who had consciences too, and somewhat more heavily charged than his own. These were the thieves who had stolen the treasure, and who firmly believed in the magician's powers. Now, it so chanced that on the very instant he was about to throw his first date into the jar, one of the robbers had crept noiselessly to the window, and, peering through the half-closed shutter, watched what was doing within. Dimly lighted by a single lamp, the chamber was half shrouded in a mysterious gloom; still, the figure of a man could be descried, as, with gestures of sorrow and suffering, he approached a great jar in the middle of the room and bent over it. It was doubtless an incantation, and the robber gazed with all eagerness; but what was his terror as he beheld the man drop something into the jar, exclaiming, as he did so, in a loud voice, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let Allah be merciful to us! there is one of them!\u8221\'94 With the speed of a guilty heart he hurried back to his confederates, saying, \u8220\'93I had but placed my eye to the chink, when he knew that I was there, and cried, 'Ha! there is one of them!'\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It is not necessary that I should go on to tell how each night a new thief stole to the window at the same critical moment to witness the same ceremony, and listen to the same terrible words; as little needful to record how, when the last evening of all closed in, and the whole robber band stood trembling without, the magician dropped upon his knees, and, throwing in the last of his dates, cried out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are all of them!\u8221\'94 The application of the story is easy. You, good reader, are the Caliph,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the mock magician is myself. Our tale will probably, from time to time, reveal who may be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One of Them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One of the most depressing and languid of all objects is the aspect of an Italian city in the full noon of a hot summer's day. The massive buildings, fortress-like and stern, which show no touch of life and habitation; the glaring streets, un-traversed by a single passer; the wide piazza, staring vacantly in the broiling sun; the shop doors closed, all evidencing the season of the siesta, seem all waiting for the hour when long shadows shall fall over the scorched pavement, and some air\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 faint though it be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of coming night recall the population to a semblance of active existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With the air of a heated wayfarer, throwing open his coat to refresh himself, the city, at last, flings wide jalousie and shutter, and the half-baked inhabitant strolls forth to taste the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93bel fresco.\u8221\'94 It is the season when nationalities are seen undisturbed by the presence of strangers. No travellers are now to be met with; the heavy rumbling of the travelling-carriage no longer thunders over the massive causeway; no postilion's whip awakes the echoes of the Piazza; no landlord's bell summons the eager household to the deep-arched doorway. It is the People alone are abroad,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that gentle Italian people, quiet-looking, inoffensive as they are. A sort of languid grace, a kind of dignified melancholy, pervades their demeanor, not at all unpleasing; and if the stranger come fresh from the west of Europe, with its busy turmoil and zeal of money-getting, he cannot but experience a sense of calm and relief in the aspect of this easily satisfied and simple population.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 With the air of a heated wayfarer, throwing open his coat to refresh himself, the city, at last, flings wide jalousie and shutter, and the half-baked inhabitant strolls forth to taste the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93bel fresco.\u8221\'94 It is the season when nationalities are seen undisturbed by the presence of strangers. No travellers are now to be met with; the heavy rumbling of the travelling-carriage no longer thunders over the massive causeway; no postilion's whip awakes the echoes of the Piazza; no landlord's bell summons the eager household to the deep-arched doorway. It is the People alone are abroad,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that gentle Italian people, quiet-looking, inoffensive as they are. A sort of languid grace, a kind of dignified melancholy, pervades their demeanor, not at all unpleasing; and if the stranger come fresh from the west of Europe, with its busy turmoil and zeal of money-getting, he cannot but experience a sense of calm and relief in the aspect of this easily satisfied and simple population. As the gloom of evening thickens the scene assumes more of life and movement. Vendors of cooling drinks, iced lemonades, and such-like, move along with gay flags flaunting over the brilliant urnlike copper that contains the refreshing beverage. Watermelons, in all the gushing richness of color, are at every corner, and piles of delicious fruit lie under the motley glare from many a paper lantern. Along the quays and bridges, on wide terraces or jutting bastions, wherever a breath of fresh air can be caught, crowds are seated, quietly enjoying the cool hour. Not a sound to be heard, save the incessant motion of the fan, which is, to this season, what is the cicala to the hot hour of noon. One cannot help feeling struck by the aspect of a people come thus to blend, like the members of one large family. There they are, of every age and of every condition, mingling with a sort of familiar kindliness that seems like a domesticity.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}