{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Longing on a large scale is what makes history. This is just a kid with a local yearning but he is part of an assembling crowd, anonymous thousands off the buses and trains, people in narrow columns tramping over the swing bridge above the river, and even if they are not a migration or a revolution, some vast shaking of the soul, they bring with them the body heat of a great city and their own small reveries and desperations, the unseen something that haunts the day\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 men in fedoras and sailors on shore leave, the stray tumble of their thoughts, going to a game.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In the radio booth they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re talking about the crowd. Looks like thirty-five thousand and how do you figure it. When you think about the textured histories of the teams and the faith and passion of the fans and the way these forces are entwined citywide, and when you think about the game itself, live-or-die, the third game in a three-game playoff, and you say the names Giants and Dodgers, and you calculate the way the players hate each other openly, and you recall the kind of year this has turned out to be, the pennant race that has brought the city to a strangulated rapture, an end-shudder requiring a German loanword\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 t}{\f0\fs24\b0 o put across the mingling of pleasure and dread and suspense, and when you think about the blood loyalty, this is what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re saying in the booth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the love-of-team that runs across the boroughs and through the snuggled suburbs and out into the apple counties and the raw north, then how do you explain twenty thousand empty seats?}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The engineer says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All day it looks like rain. It affects the mood. People say the hell with it.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The slab face and meatcutter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands. You look at Toots and see a speakeasy vet, dense of body, with slicked-back hair and a set of chinky eyes that summon up a warning in a hurry. This is an ex-bouncer who throws innocent people out of his club when he is drinking.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Gleason has two sudsy cups planted at his feet and there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a hot dog he has forgotten about that\u8217\'92s bulging out at each end of his squeezed fist. He is talking to six people at once and they are laughing and asking questions, season box holders, old-line fans with their spindly wives. They see he is half swacked and they admire the clarity of his wit, the fine edge of insult and derision. They want to be offended and Jackie\u8217\'92s happy to do it, bypassing his own boozy state to do a detailed imitation of a drunk. He goes heavy-lidded and growly, making sport of one man\u8217\'92s ragmop toupee, ridiculing a second for the elbow patches on his tweed jacket. The women enjoy it enormously and they want more. They watch Gleason, they look at Sinatra for his reaction to Gleason, they watch the game, they listen to Jackie do running lines from his TV show, they watch the mustard slide down his thumb and feel too shy to tell him.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the rule of confrontation, faithfully maintained, written across the face of every slackwit pitcher since there were teams named the Superbas and the Bridegrooms. The difference comes when the ball is hit. Then nothing is the same. The men are moving, coming out of their crouches, and everything submits to the pebble-skip of the ball, to rotations and backspins and airstreams. There are drag coefficients. There are trailing vortices. There are things that apply unrepeatably, muscle memory and pumping blood and jots of dust, the narrative that lives in the spaces of the official play-by-play.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Light washing from the sky, Dodgers scoring runs, a man dancing down the aisle, a goateed black in a Bing Crosby shirt. Everything is changing shape, becoming something else.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {He studies the tumbrel filled with skulls. He stands in the aisle and looks at the naked man pursued by dogs. He looks at the gaunt dog nibbling the baby in the dead woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms. These are long gaunt starveling hounds, they are war dogs, hell dogs, boneyard hounds beset by parasitic mites, by dog tumors and dog cancers.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 he finds a fascination in cankers, lesions and rotting bodies so long as his connection to the source is strictly pictorial.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Edgar loves this stuff. Edgar, Jedgar. Admit it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you love it. It causes a bristling of his body hair. Skeletons with wispy dicks. The dead beating kettledrums. The sackcloth dead slitting a pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {The meatblood colors and massed bodies, this is a census-taking of awful ways to die. He looks at the flaring sky in the deep distance out beyond the headlands on the left-hand page\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Death elsewhere, Conflagration in many places, Terror universal, the crows, the ravens in silent glide, the raven perched on the white nag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rump, black and white forever, and he thinks of a lonely tower standing on the Kazakh Test Site, the tower armed with the bomb, and he can almost hear the wind blowing across the Central Asian steppes, out where the enemy lives in long coats and fur caps, speaking that old weighted language of theirs, liturgical and grave.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A car comes veering off the avenue and Cotter stops to let it go by. Then he feels something shift around him. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a ripple in the pavement or the air and a scant second in a woman\u8217\'92s face nearby\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her eyes shift to catch what\u8217\'92s happening behind him. He turns to see Bill coming wide and fast and arm-pumping. It seems awful heavy traffic for a baseball. The color coming into Bill\u8217\'92s face, the shiny fabric at his knees. He has a look that belongs to someone else entirely, a man out of another experience, desperate and propelled.}
\par\plain {Cotter stands there for one long beat. He wastes a head-fake, then starts to run down the empty side street with Bill right on his neck and reaching. He cuts sharp and ducks away, skidding to his knees and wheeling on his right hand, the ball hand, pressing the ball hard in the tar and using it to pivot. Bill goes past him in a drone of dense breath, a formal hum that is close to speech. Cotter sees him stop and turn. He is skewed with rage, face bloated and quirked. A sleeve hangs down from the jacket in his hand and brushes softly on the ground.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }