{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green250\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78743"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78743}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {Wallace Stevens Poems}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>I}{\f0\fs36\b1 nvective against Swans<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The soul, O ganders, flies beyond the parks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And far beyond the discords of the wind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A bronze rain from the sun descending marks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The death of summer, which that time endures}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Like one who scrawls a listless testament}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of golden quirks and Paphian caricatures,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Bequeathing your white feathers to the moon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And giving your bland motions to the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Behold, already on the long parades}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 The crows anoint the statues with their dirt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And the soul, O ganders, being lonely, flies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Beyond your chilly chariots, to the skies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The going of the glade-boat}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>M}{\f0\fs36\b1 etaphors of a Magnifico<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Twenty men crossing a bridge,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Into a village,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Are twenty men crossing twenty bridges,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Into twenty villages,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Or one man}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Crossing a single bridge into a village.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is old song}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 That will not declare itself ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Twenty men crossing a bridge,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Into a village,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Twenty men crossing a bridge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Into a village.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 That will not declare itself}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Yet is certain as meaning ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boots of the men clump}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 On the boards of the bridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The first white wall of the village}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Rises through fruit-trees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of what was it I was thinking?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So the meaning escapes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The first white wall of the village ...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The fruit-trees....}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>F}{\f0\fs36\b1 abliau of Florida<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Barque of phosphor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 On the palmy beach,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Move outward into heaven,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Into the alabasters}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And night blues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Foam and cloud are one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sultry moon-monsters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Are dissolving.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Fill your black hull}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With white moonlight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There will never be an end}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To this droning of the surf.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>A}{\f0\fs36\b1 necdote of Men by the Thousand<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The soul, he said, is composed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of the external world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are men of the East, he said,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Who are the East.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are men of a province}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Who are that province}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are men of a valley}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Who are that valley.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are men whose words}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Are as natural sounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of their places}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the cackle of toucans}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the place of toucans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The mandoline is the instrument}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of a place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Are there mandolines of western mountains?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Are there mandolines of northern moonlight?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dress of a woman of Lhassa,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In its place,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Is an invisible element of that place}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Made visible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>S}{\f0\fs36\b1 ix Significant Landscapes<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>I<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 An old man sits}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the shadow of a pine tree}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In China.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He sees larkspur,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Blue and white,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At the edge of the shadow,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Move in the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His beard moves in the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The pine tree moves in the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thus water flows}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Over weeds.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>I}{\f0\fs28\b1 I<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The night is of the color}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of a woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Night, the female,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Obscure,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Fragrant and supple,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Conceals herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A pool shines,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Like a bracelet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Shaken in a dance.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 109]}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>I}{\f0\fs28\b1 II<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I measure myself}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Against a tall tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I find that I am much taller,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For I reach right up to the sun,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With my eye;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And I reach to the shore of the sea}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With my ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nevertheless, I dislike}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The way the ants crawl}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In and out of my shadow.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>I}{\f0\fs28\b1 V<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 When my dream was near the moon,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The white folds of its gown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Filled with yellow light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The soles of its feet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Grew red.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Its hair filled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With certain blue crystallizations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From stars,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not far off.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>V<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Not all the knives of the lamp-posts,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nor the chisels of the long streets,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nor the mallets of the domes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And high towers,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Can carve}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What one star can carve,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Shining through the grape-leaves.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 110]}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>V}{\f0\fs28\b1 I<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Rationalists, wearing square hats,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Think, in square rooms,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Looking at the floor,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Looking at the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They confine themselves}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To right-angled triangles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If they tried rhomboids,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Cones, waving lines, ellipses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As for example, the ellipse of the half-moon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Rationalists would wear sombreros.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>T}{\f0\fs36\b1 o the Roaring Wind<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What syllable are you seeking,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Vocalissimus,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the distances of sleep?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Speak it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}