{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 You're missing the point. According to physicalism, consciousness emerges from the interaction of physical particles. Those particles behave according to mechanistic physical laws. Consciousness cannot affect the particles. So what you experience has no causal power over your behavior. There's no necessity for your phenomenal experience of pain to lead to a particular behavioral outcome. In fact, according to physicalists, it doesn't. You just happen to feel pain when your behavior is avoidant. This is the "harmony" they're speaking about. For some reason our phenomenal experience matches the narrative of what is happening around us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 That's an epiphenomenalist account, but I don't think most physicalists are epiphenomenalists for consciousness. Consciousness is an emergent behaviour, true, but it's still physical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Consider the pressure or temperature of a gas, they are emergent properties but we have no problem saying that the pressure or temperature of the gas had this or that causal effect. That's because the temperature and pressure are generalisations of actual causal behaviours. It's the same for consciousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When you say "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Those particles behave according to mechanistic physical laws}{\f0\fs24\b0 ", that behaviour and the transformation of information that's going on is consciousness. It makes no sense to then say that "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Consciousness cannot affect the particles}{\f0\fs24\b0 ', you're effectively saying that the behaviour of the particles cannot affect the particles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 You're applying a dualist mode of thinking, considering consciousness to be separate from the particles and their behaviour. That's not the physicalist view.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "Consciousness" is not a visible output in the same way that the actual new physical configuration is. We can't know if a specific transformation actually gives rise to subjective experience.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 We experience it, and that's an observation we have. We can't observe that inner experience in others, but that doesn't make our experience any less valid as an observation. Also there are some who think that we can come up with an observational test for consciousness, I think that's mistaken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Let's suppose consciousness is computational. Can we construct an observational tests for arbitrary computations? It turns out no, we can't. Church and Turing proved this in the 1930s. There are many computations that cannot be characterised without actually performing the computation. So if consciousness is a computation, it's highly likely it's in the class of computations that cannot be observationally characterised.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 We can't know if a specific transformation actually gives rise to subjective experience.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Well, sucks to be us. It would be nice if everything in the world was observationally provable, but it turns out that's not the case.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The specific transformation of information is an interpretation\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 we}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~give to the transformation.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Let's take a robot mapping it's environment with sensors, then using that map to successfully navigate through a maze, say. That's an objective observable behaviour. However there is no objective test for observing the activity in a computer and determining that what it's doing is navigating through an environment. Let's say we got hold of a robot built by aliens, we might never figure out what it's doing just by looking at the internal states of the computer. However if we observed it performing some task, we would know that it must be performing the calculations to enable that task.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So I think we agree there is a necessary connection between performance of a computation and the activity of the particles performing the computation, the question is interpretation. You say.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The actual transformation is just the physical changes taking place.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I'm a physicalist, so, sure but the physical doesn't just consist of objects sitting in space. It consists of their processes and transformations, and their informational relations. That's all physical too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The fact that a map corresponds to an environment and enables a process of navigation is a physical fact about the world. That it enables effective navigation is objectively observable. The fact that a neural network AI can successfully strategise in order to achieve a spectacularly complex goal such as beat a Grandmaster at chess is a physical fact about the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The physicalist view is that the fact that a biological neural network can construct effective psychological models of the world and itself, and internally reflect on those states in order to contemplate it's own nature is a fact about the world.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 There's no objective way to interpret this physical change to have some sort of necessary subjective\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 meaning}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 We can see that meaning can consist of achieving an intentional outcome, and automatic systems are objectively entirely capable of doing this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The usual move at this point is to say that, ah but these systems are only doing what we tell them to do. That's not intentionality. Then I would point out that we're the products of evolution, and our intentions are derived from evolutionary imperatives. Just to skip forward a bit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "No one honestly believes that the world has no meaning"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It has meaning\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 to me}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Adding a creator to the universe doesn't imbue it with any more meaning, because by that logic, without a creator, God has no purpose and no meaning.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 My shoe fits neatly in my footprints, but I would be hard pressed to call that evidence of "orthophysical harmony". It seems more reasonable to view such elegant relationships as a result of cause and effect, or physical properties that interact.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {____}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The paper seems to be largely framed as an argument against some sort of dualist naturalist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But I would argue that\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_physicalism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 reductive materialism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~has no problem explaining what they're trying to explain. The "correlation" of phenomenal states with physical states is not at all "fortunate", if those physical states are just what phenomenal states\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The correlation of phenomenal/physical states with one another would be explained by evolution. If a creature has a bunch of neurons just firing randomly with no rhyme or reason, that's probably not going to help them survive. But if some sensory perception causes neurons to fire, and this causes a chain of neurons to fire in a way that ends with sending signals to other body parts to respond appropriately given the perception, that's certainly going to give a survival advantage, and mutations that correspond to this will be selected for. This is evolution 101.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So it would be more strange if we\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 don't}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~see this correlation under physicalism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The paper does mention evolution, but says that an evolutionary explanation would "presuppose normative harmony", which it doesn't, and arguably reductive materialism is much more consistent with evolution than any other view is (whether that's within atheism or theism).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But their fundamental logic here seems to be something like this:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 My car has been stolen.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Any one of 8 billion people could've stolen my car, or it could've been magic (and we consider P(stolen|person) versus P(stolen|magic)).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 It's unlikely that any of some 7.9 billion people would've stolen the car, on account of not being anywhere near the vicinity at the time.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Let's consider people living in my city. For one such person, we have video evidence of them breaking into my car and driving away with it. If we suppose they stole it, this does a good job of explaining where my car went...}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 But, I have "no reason to think that this highly specific city person should cover a large fraction of the person region of our probability space" (i.e. it's just 1 of billions of people, which is a small probability).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 So "we can't infer that P(stolen|person) is high".}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Therefore it was probably magic.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 This is clearly absurd. They're arguing that other atheist views are unlikely, and then they're using that to infer that this other atheist view must also be unlikely, even though they literally just argued that it's the one that makes the most sense.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1 because identity theory says literally the exact opposite of that - identity theory says that mental states are identical to certain physical states, so you can't have those physical states without having mental states. What they're saying is essentially "since identity theory is false, evolution can't explain identity theory", which is meaningless and nonsensical circularity. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so in art, to have these rules, these, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93this is what you should do to produce this effect\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its the worst crime. Almost a moral failing. And this gets to a great fear - my internal states are so dramatically diffferent that it will resonate with no one.}}