{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An argument erupted over nothing in particular, because each person who spoke seemed to inhabit a different reality}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Again, men called for her head. Bald Slate doubted that great demons still existed. Moto came to Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defense with a few ideas about where demons preferred to hide. One skinny soldier complained about hunger, another the cold, while a meek voice questioned the very origin of demonry, even going so far as to suggest that the most dangerous beasts were hiding inside their own stomachs. This sent a chorus of swears and condemnations sweeping through the crowd. With effort, Pyetle corralled them all back to the issue of Elrahet\u8217\'92s failure to produce a fearsome beast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This exchange was so frustrating that Mandri almost felt as if he had is Spark again, and  to slap the wall as hard as he could. The loud smack of his skin against stone caught the Hrks off-guard. Those nearest jumped in fright and crashed against their comrades. Some fell, and a few lost their spears clanked against the ground before settling into a strolling chime as they rolled in arcs atop the uneven floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When they saw it was only Mandri standing there, out came a swarm of curses sealed by spit. A cloud of indignation grew until punctured by the}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 gestured up at the golden boughs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do me the courtesy,\u8221\'94 he said to Elrahet, \u8220\'93of letting me know what this is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have told you already,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man who was always game for a ___ suddenly finding himself not in it the mood for them. unaccustomed to expressing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose I should make this clear,\u8221\'94 he said as }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  he could tell from the absence of breath that she was dead. He laid her down across his knees and felt a sudden helplessness as her head fell back against his thigh. He tried to read her face, to know what , but saw the nakedness of her golden Spark. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed to hold a torch. He wasn\u8217\'92t allowed because he wasn\u8217\'92t a Hrk. Meanwhile, Moto was swinging a torch around like he thought it was possible that he could literally beat back the dark. When Mandri pointed out how Moto, notably not-a-Hrk, was holding a torch, the nearest Vessel\u8217\'92s forehead furled up like a sail rigged with scars. He then issued a quick, sharp slap to Mandri\u8217\'92s cheek, and the matter was settled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri swore and carried on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Somehow Pyetle had corralled his men away from the brink of mutiny. This is not to say that the Vessels were calmed, but they did not interrupt as they listened to Moto invent ideas about where demons preferred to hide. When he was finished, Bald Slate spoke up, doubting that great demons still existed. Then one skinny soldier complained about hunger, another the cold, while a meek voice questioned the purpose of their quest, and he carried on into some theological point about how the most dangerous beasts were hiding inside their own stomachs. This sent a chorus of swears and condemnations sweeping through the crowd. Suffice to say, disagreement reigned. It seemed that everyone inhabited a different reality. Mandri wondered who was the furthest afield. He himself was still very much inside his body, and very much aware, even if his concerns were altogether different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle, he noticed, had a funny mouth. The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bottom lip was fat, his top lip skinny compared, and practically prehensile. The beard did a good job of hiding this. The beard, and the poor lighting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Across the room, a flurry of accusations flared up again. Mandri turned in time to hear Pyetle demand from Elrahet clear evidence of their quarry. Moto, indomitable Moto, came to her defense. He assumed a loud posture and began to lie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw a demon at the end of the hall!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which hall?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Behind you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sense or no, I saw it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you fail to mention this until now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t have believed me. You still don\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}