{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Salavan white beard???}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mention earlier that no one else heard the whistling.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Dewy-eyed devotion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 There are people who can see the water that they swim in, and people who can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Silent stare loud and clear.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Food agression}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Keenkedra!}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Gag Obo?}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri urge to swallow overwhelming when he takes Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spark into his mouth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Swallow burgeon, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 See the path.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Bruised the fingers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Fidgeted}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Lizardskin pouch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram took a step backwards.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then another step.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He and the demon lizard were at least twenty yards apart, but for the speed between them it might as well have been a single step. The thunder clap of their meeting sent unleashed chaos in the room.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s strength gave way and he slumped down onto the old witch\u8217\'92s shoulder. Moto and Moteah seized his arms before Elrahet crumbled under his weight, and they all helped him down to the ground. Elrahet gently laid his head down on the stone and wiped away the muck of battle from his brow with her thumb.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My child,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93My child\u8230\'85this I can not heal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s great heads were clutching at his stomach. His breathing was staggered and wet. He looked at his witch, and his eyes seem filled with fright. He tried to speak but couldn\u8217\'92t for the glut of blood.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93I know\u8230\'85I will sing your name to Solraheen, and He will know. He will know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted to Moto. He reached out with his bloody hand and his fingers found the strength to grasp Moto\u8217\'92s arm as tight as vice. For a brief moment, the two men beheld each other, shared an unspoken word, then Ayram\u8217\'92s fingers loosened and the light went out of his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was dead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all over,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve lost.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0}