{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked the day in silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen was difficult to comprehend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was quite pleased with herself, and her self-satisfied grin grew wide when Mandri did not speak to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No doubt she assumed that Mandri was upset at how she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d almost succeeded in drawing out his fire. No doubt that gave her pleasure to see him squirm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t why Mandri wouldn\u8217\'92t speak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He felt as though he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d peeked behind the veil of reality, and he could not make sense of it. It wouldn\u8217\'92t be much use to sip the burgeon and see it again. No, if he were to sip it again it would be done with a theory in mind. A test. A plan. Something to do with Elrahet, because it seemed as if she could see the threads too. How else could she have cut Mandri out of them with such precision?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He walked on into the gloom of the oncoming night. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram told Seb to not venture so far ahead. Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From here out, we stick together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb became prickly after that, more so than usual. When her name was called, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d respond with a despondent sneer.}}