{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have smoked everyday for 15 years, besides quitting while pregnant and the offtimes I couldn't find a dealer before it was legal for recreational use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I definitely think I am addicted. No joke about it. But perhaps it's not in itself an addictive substance. It's just that we become too dependant on how we feel when we are high, or how acceptable mediocrity is when we are high.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know past times when I've quit, I struggle with boredom more than anything else. And the boredom seems just so unavoidable, you have to make it over this weird hurdle of reclaiming the joy you once had in your hobbies and stuff like that. It's not easy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You said it perfectly, friend. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m addicted, and I\u8217\'92d be lying to myself if I said otherwise. A lot of it is habit - I like the hand-to-mouth of smoking joints while doing other things. And part of it self-medicating. Weed helps my anxiety in the short term, but definitely hurts my depression in the long term.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t touched my guitar in years, and my only real hobby lately has been hiking (which I do stoned). My place is a mess and I\u8217\'92m really not on top of things like I used to be (aside from work).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I find it easiest to abstain when I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m busy. The temptation is way stronger when I\u8217\'92m sitting around doing nothing, so I just find ways to keep my mind occupied. (I\u8217\'92m single w/o kids, though, so this is probs more realistic for me than for others)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have you noticed a change in your sleep quality? When I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m smoking, I wake up everyday feeing like I got hit by a bus. That\u8217\'92s not the case when I\u8217\'92m abstaining for long periods}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I like weed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}