{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is in his field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twenty something former art prodigy who took up farming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -strange woman visits}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -says mandri might be some prophecy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -proceeds to eat mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ox and consume its soul}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -tells mandri to go visit salavan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wanders through meskalim high on burgeons - (why?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri goes to visit salavan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spiel about art being inspiration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tests Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s capacity for being filled with Mid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri passes test}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Final test - salavan kills mandri, if he is truly the one, then this will not matter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bandits find Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body in the foothills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strange place to find a freshly dead thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob thinks its No coincidence. Will of Solraheen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Takes it up to elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush is happening. (we found this body right in that ravine)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet is like were doing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chooses Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brother to be suicide bomb}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush happens.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wakes up in the cave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Think\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s he\u8217\'92s in Shis with a true demon. Not burgeonsight this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dark. (its actually Mazyd Oro)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reveals I forget what about mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s character - sadness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd is like, im no demon yo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interrupted by bandits coming in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take mandri/mazyd through caves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd tries to escape, mandri is taken to pit cave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brief Introduction to Moteah, and other Ayramun}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram comes out of cave with mazyd Oro and Purl}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram tells purl to control Oro.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro explains that the reason is the controller can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make him do something, it is only a limiter, Even then, the will doesn\u8217\'92t seem that strong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spat between the two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line COUNTER AMBUSH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro saves the day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tries to flee. Is stopped by pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limiter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Decide to leave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Journey through the desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri fed up with things wants to ask some questions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto is there to find out about him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri throws a fit. Says fuck it, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll just die. Some people were saying, you know, divine plan. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto thinks it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s because Mandri is depressed. Just need some practical problem solving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throws him in a lizard pit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gets bit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto tosses sword, mandri doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper jumps in and chops it up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is getting healed by elrahet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wtf were you doing???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri reveals perhaps that hes involved in some prophecy??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You saw a woman consume a spark?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Describe her priestess of mid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We should kill him right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Use your brain you little shit. If he is some dark prophesy, then even if we kill him, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll just come back. Doesn\u8217\'92t matter what we do. If he\u8217\'92s not, then we\u8217\'92ll have killed hapless young man in his prime}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive already seen every inch of him, no curse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take him away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goes with moto and moteah to where Oro is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto does his swordplay spiel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mention Purl maybe. Dont eat the . Moteah puts saltpeter in it. Saltpeter quells the urge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horn - enemy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first queen of Hrk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bit of hrkan history.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke on the horizon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Village that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been slaughtered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do anything for them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keep to the plan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Minting rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See enemy band coming up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How the hell did they follow us here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spat - oro says he wont help this time unless they make a deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No fucking deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, purl, and Oro, and Moteah get put in an underground bunker for the duration of the fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation abut wtf is going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl reveals what is happening - going to kill a god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like, how tf do I fit into this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some kind of flirting between mandri and purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Somber mood, could be the end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Come out and see dead bodies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then ayram - fucked jacked to the gills. Elrahet mucking through corpses. Chopper, and sob, were dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We make for the river. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll have trouble following us there. From there we get off early and make our way to jeket from sidepaths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 River journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two barges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flatlands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chased by hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Barge put out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Barges get stuck, they can see eachother.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Into desert again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stopped by kalemites.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taken to ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cannibalism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saved by empire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In empire jail}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan sees mandrameen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Underworld.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solraheen crushed under a rock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Problem: mandri doesnt do shit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solution: mandri is disappointed he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do shit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}