{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb waved a hand over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sightless eyes. The boy was catatonic, his limbs limp on the cold stone floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb leaned over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. He could see Mandri\u8217\'92s pupils flicker as the boy fell deeper and deeper into the trance of the God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What sights was the boy seeing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb had taken God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye several times before, but he could never recall precisely what had he had seen. There was only the sense that his soul had blossomed and then burst into a shower of euphoria. Then, coming down, there was a lingering memory of a feeling of having brushed up against omniscience. It was knowledge, complete knowledge, sight of the Divine Plan extending out into the future and the into the past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then it was back to normal. Always back to normal. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons because of that. It was like giving a beggar a Lord\u8217\'92s feast and the kicking him out on street again. Seb thought it was better to starve. Get a taste of enlightenment and then be robbed of it is no good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It sets up expectations, and that does more harm than good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Expectations ruin everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb folded Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms over his heaving chest so that the boy didn\u8217\'92t look so much like he was dead. That actually ended up making Mandri look more like a corpse, arms crossed over his heart like that, so Seb undid the arms and sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cross the arms? Or, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cross the arms?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was no practical concern either way, but for Seb, this was indicative of a deeper problem. It was just very hard to know what the right thing to do was. Ostensibly, whatever ended up happening was always supposed to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What he wants, is what he is supposed to want.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What he does, is what he is supposed to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A human being is little more than a rock dropped in air - the rock will fall because that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what rocks do. They can\u8217\'92t decide to sprout wings and fly off in some other direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms were crossed, then they were always supposed to be crossed. If not, then not. Either way it would be a fulfillment of the grand design.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What bothered Seb about all that, was that if it were true (and he knew it was true), then it should stand to reason that he could do nothing - never speak, never move, never feel - and that, too, would fulfill of the creator\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s design.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a damned if he did, damned if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kind of situation. There was no room in it for his own will. He }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 knew}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t supposed to room for it, that the illusion of will, the illusion of the self was a perversity of the Spark. Humanity was created to be at odds with it\u8217\'92s own self. That\u8217\'92s the great irony of human nature, that the very function of our minds precludes the possibility of actually understanding what is going on. Understanding is itself a misunderstanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb took a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thought about licking the sliced burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just one lick. Maybe one drop on the tip of the tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He knew he shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, because Pell would be here soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what if did?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he did, then that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what was supposed to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be mad about that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She would be mad, but she shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then again, if she were mad, then that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what was supposed to happen. And he couldn\u8217\'92t be mad about that. Unless he did get mad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb sighed again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned back in his chair as far as he could lean, and he closed his eyes and tried to empty his thoughts. Be nothing, like a rock is nothing. Think about nothing - don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think about nothing, have no thoughts. For him, that was a difficult thing to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And no - for Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sake - no expectations. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He began to hum. Humming helped to push the threat of thought into the mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crowded periphery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MMMMmmmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MMMmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MMMMMmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stayed that way in front of the fire, humming like a . almost as lost in the of nothingness as Mandri was, and just as he began to nod asleep, an old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoed into the cave and sent a chill down his spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My beautiful Seb,\u8221\'94 the voice said. \u8220\'93What are you thinking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb twisted around in his chair. It was the Lady Pell. She was standing in the slit of rock which led down into the earth, and she was wearing her , a black curtain of a robe and which framed her face, a face austere and yet to Seb it was love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93What has so enthralled the mind of my Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 Seb said. He jumped out of his chair and cast himself down at her feet. His forehead bumped on the rock. \u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t thinking of anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mm-hmm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice had way of benevolence, even when she was .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I see you\u8217\'92ve found young Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m surprised to see that the Spark has chosen him. You should have seen the boy\u8217\'92s face when I swallowed his Ox\u8217\'92s spark. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stepped towards Seb, silent as wind, and then her hand came to rest upon his shoulder. Her very touch , and all the tension in his body evaporated. He gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s better, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Her soothing voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she walked over to where Mandri lay. Seb could not see her, but he knew her gaze was studying the boy and he grew jealous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I found him dead in the Junei hills,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you did,\u8221\'94 said Pell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have remained your faithful servant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell chuckled, then said his name with a doting swing, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, Seb, Seb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb felt her fingers alight upon his back and begin to knead his muscle with a practiced care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My child,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been too long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shuddered under her touch. The way she weaved her hands on his back was hypnotic, as if the nerves in his and were being stroked with water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your faith warrants a boon. Ask and you shall receive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb bit his lip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish to be able to see as you see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell stopped with a sudden jerk, and the warmth that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been feeling completely disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? You know that gift is not for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Watch,\u8221\'94 Pell said. \u8220\'93I want you to watch this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb squirmed around on all fours to face Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice. He opened his eyes, then lifted his head, and there, next to Mandri\u8217\'92s head, was Pell, kneeling. She wasn\u8217\'92t looking at the boy, she was looking at him, and her countenance was stern as stone. In her hand was a near empty vial of golden fluid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last few tears of Schisol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not for you,\u8221\'94 she said, jiggling the vial. The viscous fluid inside hardly moved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why him and not me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb\u8230\'85 Would you know what to do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb lowered his head again in reverence. Pell was right. She was always right, though that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make him feel better. He wanted to smash his skull against the rock. He heard the pop of the vial\u8217\'92s cork, and then }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When Schisol comes again,\u8221\'94 Pell said, \u8220\'93You will have your chance. But until that day, you will have to settle for my blessing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb felt her lift his chin with a dainty finger, and he looked into eyes. Seb could see her true nature in those steely eyes, for her crone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose and aged skin belied an unfathomable beauty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The truth was in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The truth was in her kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The touch of her lips upon his skin filled him with amazement, for she had implanted there a warmth that spread through him like a wave, a pulsing wave which  until every single inch of him was enveloped in a warm embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What she chased out was loneliness, undid the knot in his stomach that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t digest, purged the anxieties that ripped at his chest. Only her kiss could do this. Only Schisol, through her, could cure it - but only for the briefest moment, an exalted breath, the loneliness which ate at his heart was gone, and his eyes welled up with tears of wonder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feel better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She removed her finger from his chin and so the spell was broken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Seb returned his head to the floor where it belonged, and the chill of the stone set his skin to tingling, and all the same-old Seb flooded in. He would weep if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for her presence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He heard her sit down in the chair, the fabric squeaking tight against wooden frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Tell me what the Ayramun are up to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve captured the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They still plan to use him to kill Solraheen, though they cannot fully control the Mazyd\u8217\'92s breath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nor will they. Unless that bitch Elrahet grows a spine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram seems confident that the Purl will gain control.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram is a dolt. What does Elrahet think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe she thinks it can be done. But their first concern is getting to Jeket alive. The Hrks have these abominations called Mazydariga which can hunt a Mazyd to the ends of the earth. These Riga are children\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s horrible. Deformed. They have a special sense for the Mazyd, as if they can smell the creature from across the desert. Ayram aims to capture one of these Rigas, so as to, somehow, hide his own Mazyd from Hrkan sight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How would that work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Lady, the works of witchery are beyond my sight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the fire crackled. Crossed leg bobbing up and down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s best, if we just don\u8217\'92t let the Mazyd get to Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What don\u8217\'92t you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Lady\u8230\'85 Don\u8217\'92t we want them to kill Solraheen? Wouldn\u8217\'92t it set the stage for Schisol\u8217\'92s return?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would, but that\u8217\'92s not what Elrahet is doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you do. Think it through.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb is like, uhhhhh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is Solraheen doing, right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is impaled under a shard of Fabled Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why is he impaled by a shard of Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To prevent Schisol from escaping His body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why is Schisol in Solraheen\u8217\'92s body?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Solraheen is the only vessel that can contain Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you understand now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But if\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they kill Solraheen, then Schisol is freed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Crack a vat with hammer, and the beer pours out. Destroy a vat with a Mazyd\u8217\'92s sunfire, and what happens to the beer?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They would destroy Solraheen just to destroy Schisol?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hateful, isn\u8217\'92t it? Such is the bent the wayward Spark. People like Ayram and Elrahet hate more than they love. They aren\u8217\'92t really capable of love. You\u8217\'92ve seen it, haven\u8217\'92t you. How many Sparks have already been lost to fuel their infernal quest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too many.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too many indeed. So, it is best if they don\u8217\'92t ever reach Jeket. It\u8217\'92s best if they never capture a Mazydariga. It\u8217\'92s best if they never make it to the bones of Ullr.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I want you to do, Seb, is convince Ayram to change his plans. Have him head for the Goree Pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve sowed Schisol\u8217\'92s word in the Goree Pass. There\u8217\'92ll be a tribe waiting there, and they shall be keen to deliver Ayram\u8217\'92s Spark back to where it belongs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I convince him? The Goree Pass adds two days to the journey. And Ayram does not listen to me. He doesn\u8217\'92t even listen to Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can make the decision not so clear. The Ayram are pressed for time, as the Hrks are no doubt sprinting to the neck of gizol. If Ayram can\u8217\'92t make it there before them, with days to spare, then the Hrks will be nipping at his hells all the way to Ullr. And that is open ground. So if the Ayramun are delayed by a day or three, he will have to make a decision.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How am I to delay them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will do it. I will summon a storm. They will be forced to shelter here. All you need to do is plant the suggestion in Ayram\u8217\'92s thick skull. He\u8217\'92ll do it if he thinks it\u8217\'92s his idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Head to the Goree Pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And perhaps make a little noise when you do it. The Kalemites are a distracted bunch, so it\u8217\'92s possible that even a sore thumb like Ayram could slip by them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of Mandrameen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t the Kalemites kill him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For the time being, he is immune to death. If he does die, he\u8217\'92ll just come back again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are my eyes and ears, Seb. In all my life I\u8217\'92ve never had one such as you so close to the enemy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does the Kalemites of the Goree Pass know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The question almost caught in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My child, are you afraid to die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was looking at him. Seb knew she was looking at him by the way her voice carried to his ear, and he knew she could read ever quiver in his body and would know if he were lying. So, he told the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 he said. The word came out with a sob. Pathetic creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, now,\u8221\'94 Pell said. \u8220\'93Schisol has a plan for you. Think of it, you\u8217\'92ve already done more for Him than almost every other person who has ever lived. You are special. Should I say it again? You are special.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s what makes you special,\u8221\'94 she said, brimming with earnest concern. \u8220\'93Your hatred for yourself is subtle righteousness. You\u8217\'92re one of the very few who know, without knowing it, that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 all of this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is a mistake. That is why you are here at my side in these auspicious times. No one else would do. Few have the courage to walk your path, and only you could be here now. So give thanks, Seb. Be sanguine. You could have been one of the nameless number doomed to lie on the surface, a spare part, severed from the Whole.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing Seb could say or do would , so he stayed low and prostrated himself further, then whispered a prayer to Schisol, thanking Him for His generosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell was contented to hear it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I have a storm to summon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She walked over to the cavern slit and whistled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something awoke in the darkness there,  Seb could hear an ominous thumping echoed into the room. Something creeping, creeping closer, then close enough that was swish of lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tail dragging against rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A red-scaled snout pierced the veil of darkness near Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip, and it swayed from side to side, forked-tongue licking the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on out,\u8221\'94 Pell said with wondrous smile, as if she were talking to babe. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bloody red head swung into the room. It\u8217\'92s narrow skull was nearly as long as Seb himself, and it\u8217\'92s slitted orange eyes were sunk behind a spiked ridge brow. Whatever teeth it had were hidden under long, labial scales, but Seb knew it\u8217\'92s teeth, they were short, sharp things that could be barely seen, for this was a Gummy-Biter, a man eater that could swallow him whole. Exceedingly rare, nearly hunted to extinction. The Old Jandri called them }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Sukalaw}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , meaning , because they could. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature squeezed into the room with its characteristic short-armed shuffle. It was a juvenile, and the crook of its short-spined back came up to Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She gave it a friendly pat, and the creature stopped beside her, nuzzled up against her body like a dog, and then it raised its neck for a good old scratch, which Pell was happy to provide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her fingers worked their magic and managed to coax a low hum growl of contentment. The lizard even closed its eyes. Seb thought he saw a smile. When they opened, it was looking at him, something akin to alarm, as if the creature had only now noticed Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb slowly shuffled back against the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell led the beast further into }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its long tail still trailed into the darkness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lay down,\u8221\'94 Pell said, and the lizard did as she commanded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are we doing this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already told you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, that\u8217\'92s not what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then say what you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Couldn\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85 Couldn\u8217\'92t we just do nothing at all, and everything would still happen as it should? Why do we }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 need}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to fight Ayram? If we let him go, if we do nothing, Schisol will come all the same because that is what is supposed to happen. If you and I both died right now, Schisol would still come.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sank and her eyes rolled in irritation as  belly of the beast in .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever been to an amphitheater in Jeket?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you seen a play?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what a play is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Pell said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The actor\u8217\'92s lines are already written. In some cases, they were written more than a thousand years ago. Yet the actors still speak them. Like puppets, they speak them, and do you know why they do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shook his head slowly, hoping the drift of his chin would be a sign of contemplation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They do it,\u8221\'94 Pell said, \u8220\'93Because that\u8217\'92s what they want to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She paused to let the words sink in, and in case they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, she added, \u8220\'93It really is that simple.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She then stabbed the belly of the beast and thrust her arm into it, and the innards squelched as she felt around for the intestinal mucosa. Then she reached in with her bladed hand and began saw it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was struck by how little blood there was. A beast that big should have enough blood in it to fill a Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bag. Then again, it was dead, and dead things don\u8217\'92t bleed all that quick. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}