{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Upon choosing to give off, the Mar Laciniata retreat beneath the scapula of a fallen whale. Great curving ribs emit shadows like black rays over a bed of crawling fall-eaters. Schke has been convinced by her own mother to do this, though she has never been sure of her parenting fitness. Now, as her gonosome swells with a small copy of herself, Schke grasps the nearest rib. A shaking brace. Everything will be fine. They have done this for all time, here in the near-total dark. The whalefall, feathered and furred in the billions, is washed blue from the glow of her siphonosome. It whips and pumps the dark water in an agitation almost separate from her will. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Pressure. She closes her eyes. An impossible heat. Should she have asked her mother to come with her? She needs to expel, is overcome with the urge to push just like the others said she would be. There is so much blood in the water, suddenly; she cannot help but imagine teeth emerging from the black, drawn by the scent of her injury, but even that fear is lost as all thought narrows to the pressure and that need. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s too much. I can\u8217\'92t. I have to. Something is wrong. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Schke opens her mouth to scream for her mother. At the same moment, she erupts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A cloud of transparent gonosomal tissues, blood, and oils fill the voidspace inside the whale\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ribcage, all painted pink with life. There is a sense of deflation, alien and devastating, and a blunting of the edge of every noise from her throat. She reaches into the birth cloud, flailing on intuition, until a slick ribbon tangles in her fingers. She pulls it into the curve of her body, this brand new siphonosome and the pup attached to it. Its eyes are large and unseeing. It is boneless and searching. It is painfully alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 How can she, one flawed being, care for this pup? How can she ever sleep again with something so fragile and dependent outside her body, enveloped by the abyss except where they touch? How might she touch it completely, such that no contact between its translucent skin and that toothful dark can occur? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Schke cries and wraps herself around the newest of the Mar, swaddling them both in the bloody bracts of her weary siphonosome. The birth cloud will have to obscure them while she rests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Between the seamounts of home and the site of every Mar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s birth is a current with two names. It is the Mn when it carries Schke frictionlessly toward the whalefall, and it is the Aiekekoiaeae when she must fight it to return home. This is the price every mother pays: no products of conception can be allowed to guide predators to the rest of them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Fighting the Aiekekoiaeae is in some ways worse than giving off. Schke grunts and twists her upper body. The propelling force of her siphonosome is not enough here; she has to find strength where none exists. With one arm she flattens her pup against her abdomen; with the other she swims: something she hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done since adolescent play, or the single time cycles ago when the long shadow of some monstrous appendage stretched over the seamounts and scattered the Mar like a spooked school of cetomimes. The appendage belonged to a bigfin squid, an arm, longer than six of her kind laid nose-to-terminal-bract. She watched from the shelter of her mother\u8217\'92s siphonosome, was struck moreso by its restless twitch and curl than by that terrific beast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Schke remembers tugging on a bract until her mother turned\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 eyes like green plates reflecting a fear-glow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and electing not to ask if she was scared. Choosing instead to pretend they were made of more than translucent flesh, oil and jelly, a chance electricity and fragile neuronal weave. More than stuff liable to be ripped apart by long arms, curved teeth, or the shear of a strong current at the wrong part of its cycle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She has forgotten to swim. Behind her there is blood again, trailing away into the black. The arm securing her pup has contracted and gone numb; she switches her hold and swallows a cry when sensation returns. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Two cetomime migrations occurred in the time it took Schke to ride the Mn to the whalefall. Another four, five if she is slow, will take place before she sees the seamounts again. She tears through the current with thin muscles screaming, and begs to see those brainless red bodies slip past her four more times. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 You will forget this, her mother promised her. How close death seemed when you were turned inside out and emptied. When the ocean seemed to betray you and you thought you would never feel the Mn again. Know that this is temporary and soon, so few cycles from now, you will wish you could do it again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 How could that be? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t comfort you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  her mother continued. Her dull green eyes swiveled away and upward. Up there a black gave way to the suggestion of blue, and Schke shrank from what it meant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  If that doesn\u8217\'92t comfort you, then remember the worst waits for you here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Schke tightens her hold on the pup. Briefly imagines exiting the Aiekekoiaeae and the Mn and going somewhere else. Telling no one. Just her and the pup whose tiny siphonosome would spiral and unfurl while it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slept. Whose name will therefore be Ischial after the shell garden at the summit of the Isch seamount. Schke will take her there and show her the Mar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collection of spiral shells as large as her head and in striped and graduating colors she will never see anywhere else, not down here\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But first you have to live, Ischial. And so I must swim. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 No concrete memories from this time. Schke\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gelatinous brain stores the next half-cycle in fits and flashes of intuition, the formation of new reflexes, and a trench of worry that only extends farther down past all perception no matter how she attempts to map out its boundaries. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She survives the Aiekekoiaeae\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trial and arrives at the base of Emam seamount in a state of half-molt, trailing strips of herself and clawed around her young so mindlessly that the elder mothers cannot immediately free the pup to examine the two of them. Fighting the Aiekekoiaeae takes so long that by the time of their return, Ischial has sprouted her primary teeth and is ready to feed at the hydrothermal vents of Emam\u8217\'92s base. Schke is not fit to feed until her gonosome heals, which may take twice as long, and even then she will have to subsist on what others bring her from the vents until she can do this small thing herself. She molts so badly that the next dozen cetomime migrations come early, drawn by the free protein floating gossamer on a finger of the Mn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A labor hard enough to change the passage of time,\u8221\'94 her mother says. She is the one who reminds Schke of all these things time and time-again when Schke forgets how it all went, like all Mar do. Schke believes her mother\u8217\'92s accounting of things; she\u8217\'92s never been one to soften or sensationalize. You do not ask her a question unless you want to know the truth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In time, Schke heals. Memories begin writing themselves in her jelly once more. She travels to the vents of Emam under the strength of her own siphonosome and eats her share of the shrimp from the colony that has grown there for as long as the Mar have counted cycles of the Mn. She curls her arm around Ischial and shows her all the waters of the Mar and the seamounts that bound them, and teaches her their names: Isch, her heritage; Emam, the feeding mount; Ae-Ikesch and Ae-Amik, the current-straddling twins through which all are gifted life; Oschiliae and all the fingers of its hidden halls; and the half-dozen others whose echoed syllables emerge uncertain and blunted from Ischial\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s small mouth. Eventually the names come playfully wrong, and then, all too soon, they come confident and correct. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The cycle of the current repeats. Ischial sprouts a secondary row of teeth. Schke stops molting, and the cetomimes stop arriving early along the Aiekekoiaeae. Then they stop arriving at all. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}