{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is pleasant to ascend to the summit of that tower, which dominates the landscape. This I generally do in the evening, after supper, in the bright moonlight. Today I have com ewith the ambition of jotting down my impressions, for the specatcle moves me deeply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seen from below, it does not look so high as might be expected of a babylonian temple tower. Did noot that of babylon pretend to reach the heaven? On cets teh answer after ascending it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 from the top the eye sweeps over an enourmace distance on the boundless, flat plain. Nothing breaks the view, and the plain finally melts into the horizon. About twenty miles away rises the high mound of cutha. This city was sacred to nergal, the god of pestilence and of the underworld. The ruins of babylon are nearer. All around the tower small heaps of dirt represent all that remains of kish, one of the oldest cities of mesopotamia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On all sides is desert. The yellowish soil is arid and thirsty, and no plant can survive the parching heat of the summer; sheep and camels must feed on whatever r emains of the grass that has managed to sprout in the few weeks after the rains. The large network of canals, which in ancient times distributed the waters of the euphrates over all this land, is now represented by a  series of small mounds of dirt, running in all directions. Even the euphrates has abandoned this land by changing its course. In ancient times it came very near to the city, giving water in abundance and affording an easy way of communication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But man has not yet forsaken this place and still tries to wrest something from the avaricious ground.  A mile away an arab peasant, chanting a plaintive song, is urging on two skinny donkeys that pull a primitive plow. He is placing his trust in the coming rains, hoping these may help multiply the few grains of barley that he will throw into the shallow furrow. If the rains should fail, so will the bread in his house. He works without energy, and the plow wriggles uncertainly over the plain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Immediately before me, and all around the tower, are the deep trenches made during last year\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s excavations\u8230\'85 at night, with a full moon, they appear pitch black and bottomless - a line o fdefense around the sacred mountain, ready to swallow whoever should attempt to approach it. The sun has just now disappeared, and a purple sky smiles, unmindful of this scene of desolation. The cool evening breeze attempts to tear away from my hand the sheet of paper on which I write these notes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dead city! I have visited pompeii and ostia, and I have taken walks along the empty corridors of the palatine. But those cities are not dead: they are only temporarily abandoned. The hum of life is still heard, and life blooms all around. They are but a step in the progress of that civilization to which they have contributed their full share and which marches on, under their very eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here only is real death. Not a column or an arch still stands to demonstrate the permanency of human work. Everything has crumbled into dust. The very temple tower, the most imposing of all these ancient constructions, has entirely lost its original shape. Whare are now its seven stages? Where the large stairway that led to the top? Where the shrine that crowned it? We see nothing but a mound of earth - all that remains of the millions of its bricks. On the very top some traces of walls. But these are shapeless: time and neglect have completed their work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under my feet are some holes which have been burrowed by foxes and jackls. At night they descend stealthily from their haunts in their difficult search for food, and appear silhouetted against the sky. This evening they appear to sense my presence and stay in hiding, perhaps wondering at t his stranger who has come to disturb their peace. The mound is covered with white bones which represent the accumulated evidence of their hunts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is beinning to be really dark, and the plaintive song of the arab has ceased. Nothing breaks the deathly silence. Cutha and babylon have been swallowed by the darkness.in the distance some lights appear. Farther away is an ecampment of beduins, here considered as enemies. To us they represent an element of danger, for they are born thieves. But I who have accpeted their hospitatlity and drunk their coffee, made with dirty water and served in cups that are never washed, cannot call them enemies. They have been so trusting that they even let me take some photographs of them, a favor rarely obtained from the beduins of the desert; }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A jackal is now sending forth his howl, half-cry and half-threat. All the dogs of the arab village immediately take up his challange, and for a moment the peace is upset by howling and barking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I should like to find a reason for all this desolation. Why should a flourishing city, the seat of an empire, have completely disappeared? Is it the fulfilment of a prophetic curse that changed a superb temple int oa den of jackals? Did the actions of the people who lived here have anything to do with this, or is it the fatal destiny of mankind that lall its civilizations must crumble when they reach their peak? And what are we doing here , trying to wrest from the past its secrets, when probably we ourselves and our own achievents may becom an object of search for peoples to come?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still absorbed in my thoughts, I feel no desire to break up their course by joining my friends. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ground is soft, being made up entirely of the debris of centries, and at times my foot sinks ini t up to the ankle. Here the ancient habitations with their mysteries and their tombs, have been sleeping quietly for milleniums.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The relative importance of archeological results has come to be identified more and more with the intrinsic worth or  the artistic value of teh objects found.  No scholar needs t obe told that t his is a mistake.  The plan of a building, the special pattern or decoration of a lowly clay vessel, a few lines of inscription hardly visible on a rock or a tablet, frequently add much more to scientivic knowledge than  a hoard of gold or silver objects. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It takes a long time for new discoveries to escape from the incomprehensible scientific books and articles which first discussed them and to find their place in those genral works on history\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In egypt stone is plentiful, and the great pharoahs utilized it for temple and pyramid, imperishable testimonies to their names. Even had egypts history not been practically continuous, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. In mesopotamia on the other hand, stone hardly exists. Some sort of gypsum is found in the north, and this was used by kings in decoration.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the central covernment became too weak or too poor to take proper care of the network of canals that irrigated the land, large tracts of fertile territory were converted into a desert almost overnight, and whole cities had to be abandoned. The roofs of teh buildings caved in, and teh core of the huge wallls, no longer protected, was exposed to the rain. Water slowly worked in; the bricks began to swell up, and the walls to crack and fall. After a few rainy seasons, the upper part of the walls completely disintregrated and left merely a mound of dirt to mark the site of a once splendid palace.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In egypt conditions were entirely different. The dry climate, the very scanty rainfall, and the fact that the sands would not absorb and hold moisture have all collaborated in favor of the archeologists; bits of papyri buried in the sand have been found in perfect condition after thousands of years. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An immense hole was dug in the ground, and the tomb was placed within it as deep as possible. After the burial ceremonies had been completed, the ground was again leveled off, and very soon all traces of the exact spot disappeared completely. How the robbers found it out is a mystery to me, but they did find it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because of the moisture, all perishable objects would disintegrate and be destroyed in the course of a few decades. What survive to our day are objects of gold, silver, copper, and stone. Of the royal chariots are found only the nails that fastened the leather strips around the wooden wheels and some bits of decoration, the bones of the animals, and the metal bits in their mouths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clay is practically indestructible. If it is of good quality and has been baked, everyone knows that it can withstand the elements without suffering the least.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Good clay keeps beter. Process was simple, the clay was placed in water and stirred. All bits of wood, straw, leaves, and the like floated on top and could easily be thrown away. Little pebbles, sand, or other impuriteis sank and immediately deposited themselves at the bottom of the vessel. After the water is removed the top part of the clay was free of impuriteis. But this process was generally unnecessary. The rivers themselves deposited almost yearly a good stratum of clay along their banks. Floating impurities had already been carried away by the receding waters or deposited here and there in shallow pools.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  clay from teh jade river is the best clay in all the world. Workmen wading in the freshly laid mud, scooping up with their hands the top clay, and piling it in little mounds to be taken away; it was evidently reserved for fine pottery. Coarser clay mixed with chopped straw and used for making bricks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A little brick of clay, if in pure condition adn well kneaded, may lie buried in the moist ground for thousands of years and not only retain its shape but harden again, when dried, to the same consistency as before. If covered with writing, as is generally the case with babylonian tablets, one can take the small unbaked tablet and brush it vigorously with good stiff brush without the slightest fear of damaging its surface. All adhering impurities, with the exception of some mineral salts, are brushed away. If the salt incrustations should be too many and render decipherment impossible, then all one has to do is bake the tablet throughly. After baking, it can be immersed in water, subject to acids ore even boiled, and it will be as fine and clean as on the day it was first made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clay drying it shrinks considerably.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When clay tablets are placed in a jar, and buried in wet ground, they will gradually absorb moisture and swell. The tablets become too large for the jar, but the best they can do is to push into every avaialble cranny until finally their shapes are completely distorted. An arch who comes upon a jar like that will be wise and not attempt to extricate the tablets before they have had a chance to dry out completely and shrink again. Even after this, the now distorted documents may be difficult to remove without damage. May have to break the jar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worse is their fate if, while they are soft in the moist ground, they find themselves in the path of small rodents or earthworms. Many earthworms who lived perhaps a millennium ago, have immortalized themselves through their work. Int he course of their wanderings underground they encouter a tablet. Less determined worms feeling their way all along the surface hoping to find a soft spot, left a long welt with the complete destruction of whole lines of writing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I first started excavating, I tried different systems, but htere is only one that I can recommend. As soon as found, the tablet must be cleaned of the surrounding dirt before being touched with the hand. When its condition is such that it can be handled, it should be picked up carefully, wrapped in thin paper, and wrapped again in heavier paper. Then the little bundle - on which all indications as to provenience, date, and the like, ahve been recoreded promptly - should be taken into a house and left to dry slowly in the shade for at least fifteen days. Since it will shrink, the packages will beocome quite loose and cannot be handled at all. After fifteen days hte tablet can be re-wrapped in the final package since by that time it has already shrunk to its original size. At no time should the tablet be exposed to the sun, either wihile being extricated or when in its original package. It will dry too quickly and go to pieces. At no time should the tablet be exposed to the sun, either while being extricated or when in its package. It will dry too quickly and go to pieces. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A large part of the land is made up of silt carried down by the rivers from the mountains to the north.  So much more silt has been carried down since the time when they joined their forces that the gulf today is ninety miles away from the junction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since much of the country has been made by the deposits of the rivers, it is necessarily quite flat. The streams could never pile up dirt in the shape of a hill.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From one large canal other canals branched off, carrying surplus water wherever it was needed; still smaller irrigation ditches swung off from the secondary canals until the whole land was a web of watercourses. Canals were perennial monuments to the wisdom and paternal care of the men who boasted of having built them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mound of megiddo (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93armageddon\u8221\'94) scene of many battles, views a peaceful procession of natives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do archaeologists find the ancient city? Every mound of dirt is a city. I have yet to find a place in the land of iraq, except in the newly formed delta, on which one can stand and not see two or three cities clearly outlined on the horizon. The worry is not how to find one, but which to choose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -multiple cities in one spot}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The people had to contend with a flat land which might at any time be inundated by the rivers. A very common precaution, therefore, was to build a little mound of clay that would raise the foundations of the houses a trifle above the level of the ground. We thus have beginning of the mound. The houses were built with walls of unbaked bricks and plastered with clay. The roofs of the private dwellings were generally thatched and covered with a thick layer of clay that prevented the rain from filtering through. Each year, the plaster on the outside walls had to be renewed. The roofs also got a fresh coating of clay. All the clay that had been washed down from walls and roof was depositedi nthestreet, so the street level gradually increased in height. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Also, no provision for the disposal of refuse, if one ate shellfish, the shells were thrown into the street to remain there. If a change was made in the plan of a house, all the bricks would go into the street. I had to go up and down over little mounds of bricks and mortar that had been thrown into the street from houses. Adobe houses are relatively short-lived, after a certain time the walls beginto cave in, and the expense of keeping them reparied is more than that of tearing htem down adn rebuildingo n the same site - new house is necessarily a little higher. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Mound of seven cites\u8217\'92 modern arbil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Could never suspect that the desert around him was at one time a blooming garden, or that the silence now enveloping him was a long ago broken by the many sounds of a nactive civilization and by the voices of many different tongues.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Koran explains sumerian tablets - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bricks baked in hell and written by demons.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Figuring out language - the work was necessarily slow because in those times communication was more difficult than today, and many months were wasted by individiual scholars on problems which had already been solved by their colleagues working independently. But eventually the scholars were able to announce that one of the versions had been read and that it was written in Old Persian. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Mazyd saying, biggest problem is communication - two people too far apart may be working on a problem that has already been solved. This is hugely inefficient.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A weight stone, inscribed in three languages - measurement for trade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through it we better understand some other semitic languages which closely resemble it, for iti is the assyrian word which can now be used to fix the exact meaning of the hebrew word.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Up until a few years ago, we knew all about ancient history.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inscriptions in the cornerstones of ancient walls. Done differently - in the nails pressed into the brick. - so that kings who built on later couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take credit for its origination.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You cannot expect a man toconsume his time and money in telling the world that he has been defeated. Let the enemy do that! He will talk about his own victories, or rleate his story in such a way that a defeat will seem to hae been a victory. If the first battle of a chicago king is won at new york, the second a t philadelphia, and the fifth at pittsburgh, it is quite evident that the army is really retreating. The leader does not dare to tell the truth. If half the opposing army is destroyed in the first battle, an equal amount in the third, a large number in the fourth, and there are still more nemies to keep the king out campaigning, obviously there is a misrepresentation somewhere.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg 107 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91little curvy clay sculptures of women\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worship of the family gods - ancestor worship - extending down to salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s houshold. Guardian angels of household fortunes. Gret gods of the pantheon protected the state; they were too lofty and too imporant to take care of individuals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whoever was in possession of the family gods was considered a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91real son\u8217\'92 and shared in the inheritence, even stepsons (thus biblical Rachel\u8217\'92s stealing).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vaudeville performer - people would go house to house and sing songs of ancients stories and myths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps this is one of the arts mandrameen so loves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jehovah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s famous fight against the monster leviathan. Rejected or not by theologians, this was the popular creation story of the common people. Very similar to babylonian creation myth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before heaven and earth had been created, the whole universe was an immense watery chaos. Out of this terrible confusion primitive divine beings came into existence, theough they themselves were as yet so chaotic in appearance that they coudl not even be described. Ages passed, and the gods began to take tangible shape and to act. A group of them decided to bring some sort o f law and order into the chaos. This was was a bold step which arouse sharp antaganism of the more conservative deities who thought the old state of affairs was good enough and should be continued. Especially was their decision resented by tiamat, the mother of chaos, a female deity in the form of a dragon personifying the worst, or best, features of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She decided to fight. Out of the chaos which she embodied she created immense demons comprising parts of various animals and possessing horrible powers of destruction. She called together her husband and her newly created army and prepared for the fray. At first the gods were frightened. The task they had undertaken  threatened to be more than they had bargained for, but finally one deity advanced to battle. He gripped his weapons and commanded the four mighty winds to stand by. Tiamat came forward and opened her mouth wide. This gave the god his chance.  Immediately he threw into her mouth the mity winds; they pushed so hard that they bod of the dragon goddess became so swollen she could hardly move. The god there upon finished her with his weapons. Then a question arose: what should he do with the gigantic carcass? It must have been immense in size and in form it must have resembled that of a huge flat vase. The god split the body open. One portion he laid flat and it became the earth. The other half he bent over the earth and it became the heavens. Chaos was dead. The work of establishing order in the universe could now begin. Tiamats husband, a very minor being, had been captured. The gods beheaded him, and from the blood that came out of his body, mixed with the clay of the soil, they created mankind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Originally this story was given to sumerian Enlil, then taken up by babylonian god Marduk. Then the assyrians changed it, gave credit to Ashur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the story passed to palestine, where hebrews celebrated jehovah as the slayer of the leviathan. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 140 - story of man being offered food of life by god, will grant him knowledge and raise him up above mere man a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92la Adam. Food of life - eternal life. Water of wisdom - know the unknowable - explains why humans, so like animals, have intelligence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hebrew sheol and the babylonian arallu were desolate places where all the dead, whether good or bad, had to go. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the original writing material, whativer it may have been, was abandoned and clay substituted, it was soon found that one could make a picture in the clay much more quickly and better by impressing than by scratching. Therefor a stylus was used, perhaps only a straight piece of reed with a triangular end, was used to impress the pictures in the fresh clay. All curved lines had to go! Only short straight lines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only four types of pictures, vert, right, bottom right, top right dirctional . And arrow. Thus writing aquired a phonetic value.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t we change the english spelling? All the different ways of representing the same sounds, and iwth so many unnecessary letters which simply bewilder our children. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We refrain from chaing it partly from conservatism, partly from the fear that we should be cutting ourselves off from our patrimony o the english language and literature. The advantages we all see, but we keep on spelling in the same old way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every man carried his signature around his neck. - cylinder seal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 _______}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the explanations there arose an argument which was very learned, and which paralleled the one in the middle ages as to why, if you put a live fish in a vessel completely full of water, the water does not overflow, but if you put in a dead fish, the water does overflow - an argument went on for a long time until an enterprising soul did a little experimenting and found that the water overflowed in both cases - people having opinions on things, evidence supporting priors, when that evidence is non-sense in the first place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is very interesting - and pathetic - to follow through these documents the methods employed by tehiptilla and other rich landlords in gaining control of the land owned by the poor peasants. A local law forbade the peasantes to sell their land. Since time immemorial it had been customary for the people of babylonia and assyria to adopt persons  wholwould take care of them in their old age. Suppose a childless couple found the work on their fields too heavy. They would adopt a young man and stipulate that they would give him all their possessions provided he would give them as long as they lived a certain amount of grain, oil, and the necessary clothes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rich landlords of nuzi immediately seized upon this custom and began to make the poor peasants adopt them as sons, so that they could eitehr share in the inheritance of the real children or get all of it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This system was used extensively, so that we find the very same man as the adopted son of three or four hundred peasants. That he was not a lone son we can also learn from the court proceedings.}}