{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the common threads of identity are identified, and the heredity of belief is charted, one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own religion usually remains in a category all its own, above the rest, because there is always that one big important thing that separates it from the pretenders and makes it True. It certainly feels like a proof to be able to say, 'every other religion in the world believes something-other, and we're the only one that believes this-certain-something, and that\u8217\'92s why we are right.'}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 so convinced of this that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve invented an entire language dedicated to capturing and expressing the subtleties and varieties of pain so that they could systematize the art of becoming a certain kind of person through proper application of pain. They }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandrameen heard all this once, and never gave it a second thought. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Mandri had the right word in the right language then he might have been able to communicate to Moto the seriousness of what was happening. Instead, Mandri could only avail himself of all the usual, ineffective, figures of speech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God damnit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God damns most things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hurts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What in this life doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s killing me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all dying anyway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It was actually quite close to a word in the Solitant language, pronounced \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91yoogah\u8217\'92, and I}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  and tried to decide if Obo was worth the trouble of talking to. On the one hand, talking was a chore because Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat was dry, and on the other hand, there were things Mandri wanted to know, and Obo seemed like he knew almost anything.}}