{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TODO: Consider cutting on the suicide/pilgrim note, leaving the journey ambiguous. Maybe move it all somewhere else. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was nights when he got most emotional.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A companion for those lonely nights where 2am turns to 3am and before you know it, the world moves on and on, as you stare at the ceiling and contemplate everything that went wrong, everything you did and everything you could've done. Just pure melancholy and a gut-wrenching feeling of surrender. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been before that you don\u8217\'92t want around anymore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of Nature has failed. This is a simple matter of fact, for art is seduction, its purpose is to divert attention away from what is really there to what the artist wants you to see, and Nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beauty is }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside every leaf, rock, cloud, and tree are systems within systems, patterns within patterns. The felsing quars call it infinitely nested beauty, and they say it goes on for as far as it is possible to look. If the mood is right, then shock of this beauty goes straight to the spinal cord, and it hits with an intensity that no poet or painter could hope to achieve. So, there is no point in trying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan had a son named Mandrameen, and Mandrameen liked art. He wasn't very good, but he liked to paint landscapes, and write flower poems, and make little clay sculptures of women. He was impressed by the things a master could make, and he wanted to be impressive himself. Salavan tried to explain that nothing anyone made was impressive when compared to Sol's creation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mandrameen came of age and continued to show no signs of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91getting himself together as a man\u8217\'92, Salavan sat Mandri down and told him to go out to the Sand and see the truth of the matter for himself. He said that the Sand has a way of destroying the things that blind a man to his true purpose. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said that the desert heat would pull Mandri's mind out from his body, and if he lingered there in the sun, near to death, then all of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s childish fantasies would evaporate. With his body hollow, Nature\u8217\'92s beauty would pour into him and force him to see the truth about the edge between himself and the Universe. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe then Mandri would accept the role that the Creator set out for him and all men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think that his son would actually do it, but at the age of eighteen Mandrameen did, he ran away from home. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was only a mile out from Shagota when }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, Mandri. God-damned, idiot Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only a mile out from shagota and he was already begging to regret his decision. But regret he could deal with, it was the pangs of ___ he could not.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan told his wife it was suicide. He told her not to expect to see Mandri again. But suicide wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the right word for it. It wasn\u8217\'92t the word Mandri used. Suicide carries a sense of purposeless, but Mandri took to the road with a greater sense of purpose than he\u8217\'92d ever had before. He called it a pilgrimage. Most pilgrims die, after all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road he took was an old, unused smuggler's road that led west out of Shagota, called the Scuttle Road, and it ran west through the marshlands and then it wound up and over the Hias mountains before wiggling down and into one of the more beautiful parts of Sand. Beautiful according to Salavan himself. It was called the Junei Plain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately for Mandrameen, he was a short, skinny, and too-rich city boy who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only ever measured out leagues on a map. He didn't know that if you sleep out in the marshlands at that time of year, then you've got to sleep up off the ground or else your flesh becomes a feast for the millions of darkfly grubs that wriggle in the earth. He didnt know that ----. He didn't even know that if you walk for hours and hours, feet sliding around in the sandal, you are liable to get blisters. much less did he know how to prevent a blister from festering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worst of all, he didn't know that if you travel anywhere on the Jandri continent then you've got to bring more water than you think you need. Mandri had only brought one large goat skin watersack and just assumed that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be able to refill it at wells along the way. But well after well in the marshlands was spoiled by salt and algae. In one remarkable instance, Mandri pulled up a well-bucket, and in it was handful of wet feathers, slimy meat, and bone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From that he tried to compose a story about death. About a bird had falling into a well, about how its corpse was busy spoiling the water. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He figured the well water would look better once he'd gotten out of the marshlands and up into the Hias mountains, but there on the rocky slopes he passed one well without realizing it, and then he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find the next one, and the one after that was dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that point, Mandri's watersack had been empty for a whole day. He started to get headaches. Not difficult headaches but they were always there and they wouldn't let him sleep. Just as he started to feel the nausea coming on, a miracle occurred - Sol sent clouds down to rest upon the mountaintops. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These clouds rolled in from nowhere. Perhaps spoken into existence by the Istil wind. They sat so low that Mandri was walking through them long before he reached the Hias peaks. They were so thick that cupfuls of dew collected in every crack and crevice, and Mandri's clothes were so wet from simply being in the mist that he could wring his sleeve and drink from it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took the arrival of this heavenly mist to be a sign, an unquestionable sign, that Sol had blessed his journey. These clouds stayed with him, nourishing him, until he'd gotten through the worst of the mountains and had begun his journey down the other side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a kind of sadness that he only felt at night, at night in a high place, where it was just him and the stars and if he sat and stared at them long enough then the immeasurable distance became a knife that could cut through to his heart. And he let it happen. He indulged it. It is an edge that only cuts if you throw yourself upon it in the most egregious act of self-pity, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what makes it all the worse because you really have to have no self respect to go looking for it. Mandri looked for it because there was all this love in his heart but no one to give it to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were people he could have given it to, but they had passed him up, or he had passed them up - it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter. He was here now, and all the those chances passed up just for }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A pang of regret that came on so hard he had to grit his teeth to bear it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then his eyes welled up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the sadness started to come in and tear at his chest, he let it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spinning out of control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When it got to the point where he could hardly breathe, well, he had to breathe, and with the first chestful of air that was the end of it. For all the build up and the pain and the dread, a single breath chased it away. Sometimes it took two. The pain wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  gone; there was always a tightness in his chest that lingered until he woke up the next morning. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two days later, coming down the western slopes, and he was again at the bottom of his water-sack. He began again to thirst. Each morning he licked what dew he could from the rock, but it wasn't enough. When he peed his urine almost as  dark as a roasted barley beer, and when little grey lizards heard his tinkling on the rocks they came out, took a sip of it, then spat it right back out and scurried back into the shade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then headaches and the nausea returned. One day later and he'd vomited out what little water was left in his body. He'd grown so weak that he was forced to toss his pack and his watersack. It was then that he knew he'd die out in the Sand. He figured that the clouds in the peaks behind him only meant to tide him over until he made it down to the Sand so that he could fulfill his journey's purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To save energy he only moved at night. During the day he'd lounge in a boulder's shadow, and in between bouts of sweatless, fitful sleep he'd take in the beauty of the Sand as it stretched out below the foothills. The sight of it teased him onwards. The Junei Plain was such a vision in the afternoon: a brilliant pastel sea of pink sand dunes, yellow gypsum, and white salt, all swirled together on the landscape like paint on a painter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s palette. He had heard tell of this beauty, he had read poems, seen paintings, but his father was right - it needed to be seen in the flesh. It seemed so impossible. How could the Istil wind not blow it all together and muddy the colors? He was eager for night to come so that he could get moving again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On Mandrameen's final night the Scuttle Road spat him out at the foot of the mountains. His head was a dizzy mess and there was a dull pain in his mouth, when he put his fingers into it to press down on the pain, he found that his tongue was drying out and shriveling. To make matters worse, there was almost no strength left in his twiggy legs. They had managed a plodding pace for as long as they could. When the road curved down into a shadowy ravine, Mandri misjudged the slope. His legs gave out as soon has he stepped down into it.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He fell forward, flailing, and he hit the ground hard with his shoulder. Then he slid, rolled, and tumbled down into that road-hewn ravine like a limp sack of potatoes. At length he came to rest at the bottom, sore all over, and completely covered in the ochre dust of clay. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was on his stomach, and it took a colossal effort for him to right himself, first to get up to his elbows, and then to crawl up to the bank of the ravine to rest. He did not want to die face down. He did not want to die here. He wanted to die in the Sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tried to stand up again, but his legs wobbled and gave in. Then, with a groan and a sob, Mandri pulled himself up under the husk of a nearby Karkle bush, which was as dried out and nearly dead as he was. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thick, sticky branches would offer a little shade from the sun that was coming to end him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then Mandri cried. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He cried without tears because his body was so starved for moisture. He cried without a sound because his parched throat could hardly bear a whisper. He cried because of the pain, and he cried because he was so close yet so far to that vision of the beautiful Sand. Instead of losing himself in that sacred place he would suffer such a prosaic fate - death in a dark trench, with nothing but rocks, a dead bush, and dead sticks washed into that ravine by ancient rains to keep him company. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thought that if he slept then maybe a little strength would return to him. If he were well-rested, he could make one last march down into the Sand. In a few hours, when the morning sun came, he would get up and keep going. So he closed his eyes and fell asleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the morning sun does not come all at once to those foothills. There the mighty Hias peaks cast a long shadow that stretches across the whole of the Junei plain. It takes twelve fingers [fingers is a time-measurement for Jandrians] for the sun to peel the night all the way back to where Mandri slept, and when the sun did finally reach him, it was almost noon. By then he was past the point of no return. He had become a shiska, and His dessicated mind was busy with the triage of his body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s functions. Trivial things like coherent thought made way for his pumping heart, for his labored breathing. He spent an hour like that, lying there in the dappled shadow of the karkle bush, gulping down the dusty, dry air like a fish out of water, not aware enough to even realize that these were his final moments. A whole hour like that, just a sense organ baking in the heat, and then he died.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}