{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Marlovian hero is a collective term for the entirely new characters Marlowe first brought to the stage. These are sociopaths with \endash  if at all \endash  disturbed family ties who cross all limits with unrestrained individualism, unbridled brutality, self-indulgence bordering on the absurd, as well as remarkable professionalism. They are: "[\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85] ins Gigantische gesteigerten Helden [\u8230\'85]" with "[\u8230\'85] hemmungsloser, zur Ausbeute des Diesseits bis zur Aufgabe der Seele bereiten Natur."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn1"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~The fact that they were partially successful with this and admired by the audience completely negated the moral educational value that the theatre of the time was supposed to fulfil.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 "Where Marlowe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s men tend to seek power for the purpose of determining the destinies of others, those of Marlowe\u8217\'92s women who pursue power more often do so in order that they may determine their own destinies. [\u8230\'85] Marlowe allows many women of his female characters to intervene in, and offer resistance to, the male orientated social structures which govern the worlds of his plays."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn4"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 4}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Already in his first great play,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/1-tamburlaine"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i1 Tamburlaine}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 , Marlowe manifested a kind of programme to which he remained committed in all his plays. Always a grandiose language is juxtaposed with the merciless deeds of his characters,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn5"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 5}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~who are addicted to a beauty of horror}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn6"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 6}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 . Each of his heroes, devoid of kindness,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn7"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 7}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~will strive for self-realisation with brutal tenacity,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn8"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 8}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~which puts them at odds with a higher authority}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn9"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 9}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 . Marlowe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s heroes are larger than life, immoderate in their faults as in their qualities. They want to conquer the whole world, gain unlimited wealth, possess all knowledge. Their verses, accordingly, are powerful, rhetorical, rich in metaphors and effects.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn10"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 0}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~Marlowe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s protagonists are obsessives, driven by the desire for land, money, power or knowledge.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn11"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~And they live beyond religion. The marlovian hero is non-denominational. Once he has realised this, it does not matter whether his origins lie in Islam, Judaism or Christianity. In this respect, Marlowe is completely free of prejudice. None of his plays ends \endash  quite unlike\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/william-shakespeare/"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Shakespeare}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~\endash  with a renewal or even hope for a better, ordered world. His basic atmosphere remains a pessimistic one throughout.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn12"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~Another difference to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/william-shakespeare/"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Shakespeare}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~is his relevance to the present. Marlowe has an unusual predilection for the word "now", especially at the beginning of sentences.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn13"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~This very "now" is an important feature of all his heroes.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The Faust of early books \endash  as well as the ballads, dramas, movies, and puppet-plays which grew out of them \endash  is irrevocably damned because he prefers human knowledge over divine knowledge: "He laid the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holy_Scriptures"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Holy Scriptures}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~behind the door and under the bench, refused to be called\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_of_theology"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 doctor of theology}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 , but preferred to be styled\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_of_medicine"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 doctor of medicine}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 ".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faust#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super [2]}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~Chapbooks containing variants of this legend were popular throughout Germany in the 16th century. The story was popularised in England by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Marlowe"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Christopher Marlowe}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 , who gave it a classic treatment in his play\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Faustus_(play)"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i1 The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~(c. 1592).}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faust#cite_note-3"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super [3]}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~In\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goethe%27s_Faust"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Goethe's reworking of the story}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~over two hundred years later, Faust seduces a pious girl who then dies by suicide, but after many further adventures Faust is saved from damnation through the intervention of penitent women, including the girl whose life he ruined.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 when characters of the so-called "Generation Q" fascinated audiences. Its namesake was the omnipotent entity from the TV series\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 Star Trek \endash  The Next Generation}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 , who exists beyond all ethical precepts and interpersonal rules. That was the place for the true sociopaths, whose question was no longer: "What is allowed?" but "What do I allow myself?". The negation of all maxims led to total freedom and absolute self-realisation. One\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s own needs and desires became the measure of all things. Arbitrariness and unpredictability had become the principle of life. People may still have known about good and evil, but they no longer cared.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://christopher.marlowe.at/marlovian-hero/#fn22"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0\super 2}}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~Of course, this philosophy was not entirely new. Its roots can be found in hedonism, surrealism and existentialism. Ultimately, all these tendencies cumulated in movies like\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 The Silence of the Lambs}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 ,\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 Natural Born Killers}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 ,\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 From Dusk Till Dawn}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 ,\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 The Usual Suspects}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~or\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 Se7en}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 . Serial killers, professional killers, psychopaths \endash  creatures who stand apart from society of their own free will \endash  became the new sympathisers and identification figures. Marlowe can claim to have established this trend as early as the 1590s.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 abjuring God and Heaven}{ }}