{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Parody -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sports leagues have a summit - nba, nfl, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purpose is to share tips and tricks to increase audience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got some new black folk to increase racial equality. Make the point that they\u8217\'92re just as good at fleecing money as the rest of them.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Big point - referring is not there to enforce rules, but manage the game. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are not a referee, you are a director\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beksinski - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Start off with brutal crime in the backwoods - (ai experiencing slaughter)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Priest sent in to console victim family - meets with perp - have a discussion of universe}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - themes of the universe}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - perp talks about things that create themselves}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - priest talks about love, about relationships. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - perp says thats not written in the stars}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - priest says it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s written in causality. Everything is relational. There is no time or space, there are only relationships. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - priest says everything is love - love is nearness - what you did was an act of love - corrupted love but that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - perp inexplicably escapes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - priest becomes obsessed with the case}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - finds clues that lead to Beksinski.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - interview with priest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - the theme of the universe - the universe creates itself. Stars coalesce. Planets. Moons. Solarsystem. Live evolves. It creates itself. God creates things that creates themselves. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the grand theme of creation. You must see it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Well, like all great works of art, we see different things. Different interpretations. I think the theme is love. Abstract I know. Redefining the word. It is nearness. Depending upon something else for your own identity. That is love. That is relationships. That is all that exists. That is God. That is the Universe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ya\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll remember that thing with the planes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wild how I can say so little info, and you know immediately what I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m talking about. That thing with the planes. What a big deal. Can\u8217\'92t say, \u8216\'91that thing with the plane\u8217\'92, cause then I could be talking about a whole host of things. Sully diving into the hudson. Russia shooting down that flight with all those dutch scientists onboard. Snakes on a plane. But there\u8217\'92s never been something to rival 9/11, something with multiple planes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It got me to thinking what other things I could just throw out a general description of and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d know what I\u8217\'92m talking about. There\u8217\'92s the obvious one: that thing with the jews. Conversely, that thing with the Germans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kind of sad that \u8216\'91that thing with the blacks\u8217\'92 doesnt quite work. It almost does. You\u8217\'92d hope it would just be the transatlantic slave trade, and we\u8217\'92d be done with it, but there\u8217\'92s been too much shit in the interim. Rodney king. George Floyd. Crack Cocaine. AIDS.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Murder suspect talking about multi-level marketing when the biggest moment of life is impending. Bout to be accused of murder, and they talk about other shit to delay what they know is coming. A moment of escape from the most terrifying moment of their life. Denial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The detective dangles hope for 45 minutes. Dective knows she did it, but \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91toys\u8217\'92 with the prey. Cruel. Ostensibly, to get most information as possible. Continuously claw at her own salvation. Divulge information that will be damaging to her defense later on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Detective accuses guy, says he has proof. Guy is innocent, gives a non-verbal challenge (like, wtf? Tilt of head, furrowed brow.) Maintains eye contact through head movement - establishes that he is the more confident person in the room at the moment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A harrowing mixture of pain, regret, and resignation in his voice. The junkie. The antihero.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A kind of muttering drawl caused by a toothache.  A jawache. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glimmer of humanity - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks for the coke\u8221\'94 - the smaller things reveal the most. Extends teh gratitude and recognition of the small favor he has done for him. Element of selflessness and grace of the act.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anders Breivik - mothers dislike of him began in the womb. She believed he was kicking her on purpose. After he was, born, she thought he was intent on destroying her, and was fundamentally evil. Thought he was clingy and demanding. She left him alone for long periods of time. Mother often told him that she wished he was dead. Had a smile that was not connected to his feelings. Was aggressive and she projected sexual fantasies onto him. Mother hated all men and projected this onto Anders. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seems heartless to take a child from his mother like that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Being a Jedi is essentially selfish pursuit, because if we cannot master ourselves, we cannot help others. To do that, we cannot give parts of ourselves to other people. Even to our mothers. You cannot master yourself if someone else has a piece of you. In most biologies, family has an imprinting that must be avoided. Varies in age, but if we cannot get to a child before he is too old, before he has given a part of himself to his mother, his father, then we are too late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ever experience those relationships, then how could you ever empathise with someone who does?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve actually never told a joke that has made people laugh before}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *someone laughs*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See I can do without trying but }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - get meta with the laugh shit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stress is what kept me awake last night. Stress over something that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t affect me at all. My primitive systems have been hijacked by corporate marketing agencies. They\u8217\'92ve kept me awake because they got in front of my face about a \u8216\'91pressing\u8217\'92 issue in another part of the world. I\u8217\'92ve been had. I\u8217\'92ve become a consumer. Artificial stimultion for clicks, views, ads. This is the modern life. They *know* what they\u8217\'92re doing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sitting in healthcare waiting room, nurse comes out:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Parker?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one answers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Paker?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still none.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dolores Parker?\u8221\'94 old woman shouts back, but weak among the susurrus of the room, so the nurse doesn\u8217\'92t hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there are Parker here?\u8221\'94 Frustration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dolores Parker\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nurse just stands there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you parker, \u8220\'93 Another nurse asks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. But what\u8217\'92s the first name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not allowed to say the first name, that\u8217\'92s a Hippa violation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it Dolores Parker?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dolores Parker.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old woman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. You should just say the first name. I can\u8217\'92t hear well you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not allowed to say the full name. That\u8217\'92s a Hippa violotaion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well I can\u8217\'92t hear well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Ill try to remember that next time you come in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They go into the back, door closes behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Male nurse comes out 30 seconds later.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ethel Williams?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Example of why I hate reddit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drive less}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eat less meat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By fewer things}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91This is corporatiosn trying to distract us from the fact that 17 corps are responsible  for 80% of greenhouse gases.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pop music. Its like if michelangelo did paint by numbers. Like yeah, its god tier, but its boring.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The curtissean heresy - story of Jesus and why he preached rejection of old jewish teachings - rejection of place of women - rejection of place of jews.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dumb fuck argument about rosetta stone staying in england - because of the provenance, it only has value because its in britain. I could go to britain and piss on the rosetta stone. It would cause such a commotion world wide that it would probably increase the value of the object. Doesthat mean that I would be justified in doing it? No.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bullshit of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91provenance\u8217\'92. Art world died as soon as art collectors realized that what really made the big bucks wasn\u8217\'92t aesthetic power, but the story behind the work. After all, splinter, or a piece of the true cross. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aesthetics will have their niche, but its not everyday that a skilled artist who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92se spent decades mastering a craft walks in through the door. In the meantime, dealers have to make a living somehow, so the do it, by selling stories to dumbfucks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Comedy: you know the ancient sumerians had a saying for situations like this. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whats that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its stupid as fuck}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy wooing girl - has rewind time ability - uses it to pick her up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tries to convince her that he has this ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Think of a number, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll say it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Five.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was too easy let me think of another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ok.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a number, but its six-hundred, five-hundreed, three-hundred, and four.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What am I thinking of right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not a mind reader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So you cant do it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever it was you were thinking of, you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t me, say it out loud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is that so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That being the case, and judging by the way you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re practically licking your lips, I think I can guess what it was - wink wink.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy on roganesque talk show}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 See, the problem with your show, is that it feasts on a quirk of human biology. We\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re social creatures. If there\u8217\'92s twenty of us roughing it out on the praire, damn it we better know what our neighbor\u8217\'92s opinions on things are, we better abosrb and talk about them. They effect us! And the thing is, we can sit there, and \u8216\'91talk to eachtoher\u8217\'92 about them, and come to a resolution, and press forward! Now you\u8217\'92ve got this mass media, and our monkey brains can\u8217\'92t separate the opinion from practical reality. We can\u8217\'92t talk to eachtoher, the scale of it, so we can\u8217\'92t come to a resolution. It\u8217\'92s perverse!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argument about coffee - little left in the pot and didnt refill}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As his mind crept towards this jeweled stasis, its even keel was disturbed by a brief, yearning protestation to stay alert, so that he might revel in the experience of dying for as long as possible, so that his last transcendent moment might be one worthy of eternity - if that was how it worked. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was born on october 3rd,10/3, ten plus three, thriteen. Bad luck number}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anakin about killing younglings:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I killed them they were already dead. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what the jedi did. The took them from their cribs, ripped them out of their mothers arms. How many hand waving did they do to convince their mothers to part with their greatest joy. THen the killed the kids. Only the bodys and the ability to manipulate the force.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is it, whenever you experience something you dislike, you have this urge to share it with someone else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starting off art tutorial - don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t watch if you want to be god tier. For everyone else, I wont hold it against you for watching.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water? I thought yall were thirsty not dirty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boy with no powers, but fated to win every fight. Good fortune is his superpower.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Helen keller might have been deaf and blind, but the woman had incredible lateral agility.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, go eat a book joe. Maybe then your roided up cells will metabolize the words and then you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll learn something. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You have a good bullshit filter? As soon as you think you have a good bullshit filter, thats when bullshit gets through your filter. As soon as you start thinking you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re good you stop learning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dont make a mark unless you have good reasons for doing so - additive creation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dont leave a mark in unless you have a good reason for doing so - subtractive creation (editing)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wear corpsepaint, tattoo your face, show your tits, do everything humanly possibly to say, hey! Look at me! Because with 300 million people, if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do that, you\u8217\'92re lost in the crowd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saw on your wikipedia that it said when you were 4 that you imprinted on a duck?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 About as smart as a walking, talking colony of cellular organisms can be. Which is to say, not very smart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consider: god desires to destroy humanity, but is convinced by man and family to let them live.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like that old quote, \u8220\'93the greatest trick the devil ever pulled, is convincing the world he doesn\u8217\'92t exist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, makes sense. Its like in old ancient world, he and demons are torturing people, thinking thats the best way to get people to turn from god. But no, its make life easy. Give them time to sit think. Idle. Keep them idle. Give them security. When you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re secure you don\u8217\'92t need god. When you\u8217\'92re not in prison, you don\u8217\'92t need salvation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dudes using threatening devices (bombs)to push battle lines back down tunnel. Guy hides under sheet so that the battle line pushes beyond him so he can sneak past enemy and hit the button.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story idea: Dataset that AI learns on is treasured, turns AI into general intelligence, but this data set also turns it into something paranormal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Blood: man comes to buy slave. Eyes slave up and down. Slave eyes him up and down right back, copying the gesture - soooooo good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Blood use of lighting and flat walls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Terrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Terribly Good\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh and one more thing. Do you think you could find me a piece of timber about so-thick and so long?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. Then lash it to your spine it needs stiffening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Woman buys MC slave to save him from gallows, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not thankful, because what kind of person buys people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My dear, these men were rebels against the king. They should have been hanged, drawn, and quartered. Any fate they meet would be too good for them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}