{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Lysistrata}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is the greatest work by Aristophanes. This blank and rash statement is made that it may be rejected.\~}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 intimate perfume of femininity and gives the finest sense of the charm of a cluster of girls, the sweet sense of their chatter, and the contact of their bodies, that is to be found before Shakespeare, because that mocking gaiety we call Aristophanies reaches here its most positive acclamation of life, vitalizing sex with a deep delight, a rare happiness of the spirit.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {De Bello Gallica}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 wandered more from the truth}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 G}{\f0\fs24\b0 reat as Caesar was by the benefit of his original nature, there can be no doubt that he, like others, owed something to circumstances; and perhaps amongst those which were most favourable to the premature development of great self-dependence we must reckon the early death of his father. It is, or it is not, according to the nature of men, an advantage to be orphaned at as early age. Perhaps utter orphanage is rarely or never such: but to lose a father betimes may, under appropriate circumstances, profit a strong mind greatly. To Caesar it was a prodigious benefit that he lost his father when not much more than fifteen. Perhaps it was an advantage also to his father that he died thus early. Had he stayed a year longer, he might have seen himself despised, baffled, and made ridiculous. For where, let us ask, in any age, was the father capable of adequately sustaining that relation to the unique Caius Julius\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to him, in the appropriate language of Shakespeare}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "}{\f0\fs24\b0 The foremost man of all this world?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 And at another he was accustomed to amuse himself with computing how much money it would require to make him worth exactly nothing (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 i.e.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~simply to clear him of debts); this, by one account, amounted to upwards of two millions sterling. Now, the error of historians has been to represent these debts as the original ground of his ambition and his revolutionary projects, as though the desperate condition of his private affairs had suggested a civil war to his calculations as the best or only mode of redressing it.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Caesar's debts, far from being stimulants and exciting causes of his political ambition, stood in an inverse relation to the ambition; they were its results, and represented its natural costs, being contracted from first to last in the service of his political intrigues, for raising and maintaining a powerful body of partisans, both in Rome and elsewhere. Whosoever indeed will take the trouble to investigate the progress of Caesar's ambition, from such materials as even yet remain, may satisfy himself that the scheme of revolutionizing the Republic, and placing himself at its head, was no growth of accident or circumstances; above all, that it did not arise upon any so petty and indirect a suggestion as that of his debts; but that his debts were in their very first origin purely ministerial to his wise, indispensable, and patriotic ambition; and that his revolutionary plans were at all periods of his life a direct and foremost object, but in no case bottomed upon casual impulses. In this there was not only patriotism, but in fact the one sole mode of patriotism which could have prospered, or could have found a field of action.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Chatter not, sublime reader, commonplaces of scoundrel moralists against ambition. In some cases ambition is a hopeful virtue; in others (as in the Rome of our resplendent Julius) ambition was the virtue by which any other could flourish. It had become evident to everybody that Rome, under its present constitution, must fall; and the sole question was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 by whom? Even Pompey, not by nature of an aspiring turn, and prompted to his ambitious course undoubtedly by circumstances and, the friends who besieged him, was in the habit of saying, "Sylla potuit: ego non potero?"\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Sylla found it possible: shall I find it not so?}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Possible to do what? To overthrow the political system of the Republic. This had silently collapsed into an order of things so vicious, growing also so hopelessly worse, that all honest patriots invoked a purifying revolution, even though bought at the heavy price of a tyranny, rather than face the chaos of murderous distractions to which the tide of feuds and frenzies was violently tending.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 sedulously attentive to elegance of personal appearance}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So refined were his habits, and so constant his demand for the luxurious accommodations of polished life as it then existed in Rome, that he is said to have carried with him, as indispensable parts of his personal baggage, the little ivory lozenges, squares and circles or ovals, with other costly materials, wanted for the tessellated flooring of his tent. Habits such as these will easily account for his travelling in a carriage rather than on horseback.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The courtesy and obliging disposition of Caesar were notorious; and both were illustrated in some anecdotes which survived for generations in Rome. Dining on one occasion, as an invited guest, at a table where the servants had inadvertently, for salad-oil, furnished some sort of coarse lamp-oil, Caesar would not allow the rest of the company to point out the mistake to their host, for fear of shocking him too much by exposing what might have been construed into inhospitality. At another time, whilst halting at a little\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 cabaret}{\f0\fs24\b0 , when one of his retinue was suddenly taken ill, Caesar resigned to his use the sole bed which the house afforded. Incidents as trifling as these express the urbanity of Caesar's nature; and hence one is the more surprised to find the alienation of the Senate charged, in no trifling degree, upon a gross and most culpable failure in point of courtesy. Caesar, it is alleged\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  but might we presume to call upon antiquity for its authority?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  neglected to rise from his seat, on their approaching him with an address of congratulation. It is said, and we can believe it, that he gave deeper offence by this one defect in a matter of ceremonial observance than by all his substantial attacks upon their privileges. What we find it difficult to believe is not that result from that offence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is no more than we should all anticipate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0 , but the possibility of the offence itself, from one so little arrogant as Caesar, and so entirely a man of the world. He was told of the disgust which he had given; and we are bound to believe his apology, in which he charged it upon sickness, that would not at the moment allow him to maintain a standing attitude. Certainly the whole tenor of his life was not courteous only, but kind, and to his enemies merciful in a degree which implied so much more magnanimity than men in general could understand that by many it was put down to the account of weakness.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A forum which Caesar built out of the products of his last campaign, by way of a present to the Roman people, cost him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for the ground merely on which it stood\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  nearly eight hundred thousand pounds. To the citizens of Rome he presented, in one\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 congiary}{\f0\fs24\b0 , about two guineas and a half a head. To his army, in one\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 donation}{\f0\fs24\b0 , upon the termination of the Civil War, he gave a sum which allowed about two hundred pounds a man to the infantry, and four hundred to the cavalry. It is true that the legionary troops were then much reduced by the sword of the enemy, and by the tremendous hardships of their last campaigns. In this, however, he did perhaps no more than repay a debt. For it is an instance of military attachment, beyond all that Wallenstein or any commander, the most beloved amongst his troops, has ever experienced, that, on the breaking out of the Civil War, not only did the centurions of every legion severally maintain a horse soldier, but even the privates volunteered to serve without pay, and (what might seem impossible) without their daily rations. This was accomplished by subscriptions amongst themselves, the more opulent undertaking for the maintenance of the needy. Their disinterested love for Caesar appeared in another and more difficult illustration: it was a traditionary anecdote in Rome that the majority of those amongst Caesar's troops who had the misfortune to fall into the enemy's hands refused to accept their lives under the condition of serving against\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 him}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {COnfessions of an english opium eater - Thomas De Quincy}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93and a ripe and a good one,\u8221\'94 and of all my tutors was the only one whom I loved or reverenced. Unfortunately for me (and, as I afterwards learned, to this worthy man\u8217\'92s great indignation), I was transferred to the care, first of a blockhead, who was in a perpetual panic lest I should expose his ignorance; and finally to that of a respectable scholar at the head of a great school on an ancient foundation. This man had been appointed to his situation by \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  College, Oxford, and was a sound, well-built scholar, but (like most men whom I have known from that college) coarse, clumsy, and inelegant. A miserable contrast he presented, in my eyes, to the Etonian brilliancy of my favourite master; and beside, he could not disguise from my hourly notice the poverty and meagreness of his understanding. It is a bad thing for a boy to be and to know himself far beyond his tutors, whether in knowledge or in power of mind. This was the case, so far as regarded knowledge at least, not with myself only, for the two boys, who jointly with myself composed the first form, were better Grecians than the head-master, though not more elegant scholars, nor at all more accustomed to sacrifice to the Graces.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 On Murder Considered as one of the Fine Arts}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 Now, if merely to be present at a}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 murder fastens on a man the character of an accomplice}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 Tubal Cain invented tubes, I think, or some such}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 thing.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 As Leibnitz, though not murdered, may be said to have died, partly of}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 the fear that he should be murdered, and partly of vexation that he was}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 Not,}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 and fought wonderfully, considering that he was}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 drenched in perspiration; but the shine was now taken out of him, and his}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 game was the mere effect of panic. It was now clear that he could not last}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 much longer. In the course of this round we tried the weaving system, in}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 which I had greatly the advantage, and hit him repeatedly on the conk.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 My reason for this was, that his conk was covered with carbuncles; and I}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 thought I should vex him by taking such liberties with his conk, which in}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 fact I did.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 "The three next rounds, the master of the rolls staggered about like a cow}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 on the ice. Seeing how matters stood, in round twenty-fourth I whispered}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 something into his ear, which sent him down like a shot. It was nothing}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 more than my private opinion of the value of his throat at an annuity}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 office. This little confidential whisper affected him greatly; the very}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 perspiration was frozen on his face, and for the next two rounds I had it}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0 all my own way. And when I called _time_ for the twenty-seventh round, he}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0 lay like a log on the floor."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0}