{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only real}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 option back then was to endure the smell. This is not to say that he got accustomed to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and Mandri closed them again as soon as he realized what was happening. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to see the afterlife until he\u8217\'92d properly prepared for it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he finally opened his eyes again}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite match his expectations. Shis was said to be a giant pit under the earth which housed a city of demons, and in its center was a mountain-sized tornado of fire that swept up the dead and raked their flailing bodies against white-hot spikes of iron embedded in the pit\u8217\'92s walls. Somehow, this process cleansed an individual\u8217\'92s Spark of any impurities. There were other, less popular, visions of Shis. There was one fresco in the city of Frum which matched the present environ neatly. In this version of Shis, the dead are sequestered away deep underground in bubbles of rock. Those who repent of their sins are free to waste away, while those whose sins are too great to be forgiven suffer a different fate. Their caves become cocoons in which their tainted Sparks morph their flesh into some species of demon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to tell you my name,\u8221\'94 said Mandri again, and that was final.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I will make up a name for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I shall call you Chit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look like a Chit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt offended. He was no Chit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mothers who love their sons a certain way tend to name them Chit. Chitavar. Chitavareen. They leave the boys too long on the tit. It makes the child all pouty. They all have that mousey look you have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo waved a bloody arm in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s general direction, as if Mandri was the very embodiment of \u8216\'91mousey\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you say, demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re so sure that I\u8217\'92m a demon. That\u8217\'92s the unfounded certainty that\u8217\'92s so typical of a Chit. Or maybe that\u8217\'92s more of a Lurk. Is your name Lurk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, Chit, why do you think everyone down here is a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how do I know you\u8217\'92re not lying? How do I know you aren\u8217\'92t a demon, and that the snore outside isn\u8217\'92t a demon. The only thing I do know is that I died. I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 that I died. Then I wake up in a cave filled with black lizards and a freak\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you expect me to believe that this is not some hollow of Shis?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I died in the Meskalem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s close enough to the Junei Pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why does that matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because the Junei Pass is close enough to the Pitted Portion, and these lizards, as far as I know, only live in the pitted portion. They sleep half the year and then they wiggle out of the ground when packberry blooms, and }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 only }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 when}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 packberry blooms, and packberry only grows in the Pitted Portion. These fellows aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t opportunistic feeders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your point?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You died in Meskalem, and your body is still fresh so you couldn\u8217\'92t have been dead long, meaning your corpse couldn\u8217\'92t have been carried far. Then you wake up in an underground cave infested with these rumpheads\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s what the lizards called. It stands to reason that you are not in Shis, that you are, indeed, inside a cave which pocks the Pitted Portion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is some resemblance in physical form, but beyond that, I can assure you, the only thing we truly have in common is the capacity for language.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}