{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ooookay, I just woke up, and after like 15 minutes of chewing, I think I swallowed a puzzle piece.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It started with me remembering what I was going to write a short e-mail about: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The difficulty of being in my position.\u8221\'94 As with all feelings which feel uncomfortable, I took pause to think about where this feeling is *really* coming from, and I realized pretty quickly that this supposed difficulty was mostly a manifestation of anxious insecurity. So, not going to bother you with it except to say that it was, ultimately, an uncertainty about how you feel about me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then I realized (a provisional realization) where a big part of that feeling of asymmetry is coming from. Two things triggered this thought: You said you didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like feeling like you were losing control/didn\u8217\'92t want to lose a sense of yourself, and then whole \u8216\'91independent\u8217\'92 topic. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I think I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve expressed before, either in text or one of my letters, but I LOVE the sense of losing control/losing a sense of myself when I\u8217\'92m with you. It is thoroughly good. Happy chemicals are FLOWING. It\u8217\'92s intoxicating, agonizing, maybe a little terrifying, but overwhelmingly, it is wonderful. I have had stray avoidant thoughts which sound something like, \u8220\'93Mike, this isn\u8217\'92t you. Mike, this is silly,\u8221\'94 but these thoughts are easily swallowed up by the sheer joy of it. And whatever fears it creates are allayed by the fact that I trust you. Losing myself (temporarily) to this feeling gives you a certain power over me, and if you were an asshole you could easily abuse that, but thank god, you are not an asshole. THANK GOD. You don\u8217\'92t *do* something with it, you don\u8217\'92t manipulate it, you simply appreciate it and let it bring you joy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Based on all that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve said, I gather that you don\u8217\'92t feel this kind of feeling for me. Pre-realization, this triggered in me that asymmetry feeling. Like, I wanted to be in a position where you had these kinds of feelings for me and I could appreciate them, and derive joy from them. Now, I\u8217\'92m just kind of like, that sucks for you, haha. Because those feelings are glorious. I\u8217\'92m reading deep between the lines here, but I\u8217\'92m betting you had these kinds of feelings for the ex early on in your relationship with him (the HIGH highs), but unfortunately he was an asshole, and he took the abuse route instead of the joy route. And so maybe you\u8217\'92ve built walls around those feelings because you\u8217\'92ve experienced what happens when they fall into the hands of an asshole. It\u8217\'92s giving someone else too much power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe this is something to talk with the therapist about? I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know. I don\u8217\'92t think these kinds of feelings are necessary for a loving relationship. I actually think it might be bad if they formed the foundation of a relationship, simply because they\u8217\'92re tied to an unsustainable flow of dopamine. A deeper sustaining love comes from somewhere else. But, I don\u8217\'92t think these feelings are bad? Like, hoo boy, I wish you could feel it too. Think you\u8217\'92d like it. The dopamine hits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Okay. Go crush your day. Crush, crush, crush. I have a crush!\line \line :).}}