{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a tranquil moment, but short lived, for minute by minute the wind swelled and the rain thickened and the storm above ballooned into a supercell the size of several mountains. Lightning flashed and thrashed around in the belly of the beast above, banging the drum of thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More and more the rain began to pour. Without shelter it seemed like torture. The short and woody weeds that had managed to scrape out an existence in the ravine were whipped to and fro as the wind and rain stripped leaf from stem. It came down hard and wet on the men as well. Seb found little comfort in the fact that he had his back to it all. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their riders were hunched in their saddles, sore backs and sore nerves all around. Their horses moved slowly, leaning into the deluge. Seb could almost feel the mud draining their already tired legs of vigor. He smiled when he saw one stumble and throw its rider into a growing rivulet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nonetheless they all plodded onward, heads down against the pelting rain, filtering into the ravine three by three. Their wagons were faring as Seb expected, with drivers working hard to steady the mood of the mule-teams that had grown discontent with the whole situation. If the mules had been men they would have taken up arms long ago in a suicidal bid for freedom. As beasts, all they could do was scream through their suffering and sway against the strain and slip in the viscous mud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb would have been perfectly pleased if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed the olive skin and tufts of blackred hair peeking out from under the soldiers\u8217\'92 turbans. They were each, to a man, Skelsi. This was indeed a company of Imperial Cavalry. Then he caught sight of the wooden septum piercings that popped out of their noses like bull horns. These were men of the Hallowed Guard- the absolute elite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb's pulse quickened, and he could feel his nerves tighten as he peered out at them from behind his rock. Just a few sheets of rain separated him from this pride of lions - to be this close was suicide. Even though all smells were driven down into the earth, and all edges and colors were blurred, and all sounds below a shout were drowned out by the torrential downpour, Seb felt like they could sense him. Such is the case when a predator hunts a predator; they have little familiarity, little tolerance for doubt and fear. It does not take much of that drug to overwhelm them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time the middle of column had reached Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s position, he had steadied his nerve. He then leaned out from behind his rock, aimed his bow towards one of their number, notched an arrow, and let it fly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In clean, dry air his gull-feather arrow would trill with excitement when released, but so wetted by the rain it simply jumped from the waxed string of his bow. So quiet and obscured was its flight, and so loud was the wind and rain, that even after it struck its target and sank him low in his saddle, the caravan remained oblivious to the danger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The dead rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse took a few steps, then the body slipped from its perch and fell into the mud. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So began the battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cries of horse and rider flew as a hail of arrows leapt from the slopes of the ravine, planting themselves in throats and ribs. Some bounced off armor or missed their marks all together and fell into the mud. Even Seb had trouble in these tight quarters, for the wind and rain was so strong that they carried his arrows unpredictably; just a meter was enough to spare or doom a life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hardly a third of the riders were stricken in the first few volleys. For a company of Hallowed Guardsmen, the bodycount was no convincing argument for retreat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  An officer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horn sounded. It bellowed then sank into a deep register that rumbled the streams and puddles that already ran red with blood. Those riders which had not already dismounted did, and they pulled their heater shields from off their horses' packs, then rushed to form up a defensive shape centered in the ravine just below Seb. Here and there one of them would shudder then fall to his knees as an arrow snuck through the wall of shields, his hands clutching wherever his flesh was pierced. His compatriots would kick him out of the circle and down into the mud, then close ranks behind him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They moved and thought as one, and like a leaf-scaled wyrm caught out in the open Sand by a falcon, they curled and curled again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb eyed them warily, wondering what they could possibly do to prevent his party\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrows from whittling them down one by one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a man amongst them broke rank stepped forward. He seemed misshapen, and was bare and bald, and his sleeves were rolled up to reveal an intricate tattoo that weaved round his wrists and up his arms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then his hands began to glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb notched an arrow and aimed for the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, so that he might stifle the power that he channeled in those arms and that he brewed in those lungs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he could let it fly, the storm intervened. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CRACK-BOOM!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bolt of lighting shot down from the high icy reaches of the thunderhead. It struck the middle of the road with an incredible ferocity, and as it did it seemed to explode, throwing wind, rain, and flesh in all directions. The shockwave threw Seb back against the rocks of the ravine, and there was a muted thwack as his skull hit the broad face of a sandstone boulder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then things went black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}