{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78854"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 Boot making and mending : including repairing, lasting and finishing by Hasluck | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nearly everybody in walking wears down his boot heels at one particular spot. Usually the wear occurs most at\~A\~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78854/pg78854-images.html#Fig1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Fig. 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), though with some it is at the back of the heel; while a few wear most on the inside. The repair of these defects is one of the best jobs that a novice at the craft can start upon, as the grafting in half-heeling only means butting the new piece of leather against the old, and there is no play or friction to cause them to come asunder. The leather in very cheap boots and shoes is not properly \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93worked\u8221\'94; this term meaning wetted, dried, hammered, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This explains why a new pair of cheap boots worn in the wet are, when taken off the feet, lower on one side of the heel than on the other, although the leather is not actually worn away. It is because the unworked leather yields to the pressure caused by the weight of the body in walking, and this yielding is the first stage to ruin. To prevent this, always have a few extra nails put into new boots round the part where most wear occurs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~it will need either replacing as described above, or repairing by means of a skived piece of leather put under.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is done because the awl, when finished, is very stumpy, and requires such hard blows to get it in that these would split the wood; but by means of the leather this is avoided, and the hole in the centre will admit of tightening the screw when\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 13]necessary. The edge is trimmed up all round, and a carpenter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s large bradawl is put into the other end. This awl has a shoulder to it, therefore the heavy blows will not drive it into the handle. When the awl has been put into the handle, break it off to about an inch from the shoulder; then with a fine file, or on a grindstone, taper it to a long, flat, square point,}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lay the tip on the lap-iron face down, and hollow it in the centre, that it may grip well at both ends, then dip it in water to soften the leather plugs, and put it on the heel. With a fine awl make a hole through the centre of each plug, and put a long rivet, which would be supplied with the tips, in each hole. Smooth it up with a file where rough, and you have a new lease of heel wear for 1\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u185\'B9\u8260\'2F\u8322\'32d., and a very little trouble. If it is found difficult to cut the curved line to fit the tip from\~A\~and\~B, cut the heel straight across, as in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78854/pg78854-images.html#Fig2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Fig. 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , from\~J\~to\~H, and after the tip is on cut a small piece, as\~D\~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78854/pg78854-images.html#Fig10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Fig. 10}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ),\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 16]and nail it in with four rivets. To get\~D\~the proper shape, let it have one straight side, and press that against the old leather. Hammer the leather on the tip\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this will make a mark underneath\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cut through this line, and you have the shape required.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 A sharpening strop (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78854/pg78854-images.html#Fig12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Fig. 12}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) is indispensable to the shoemaker. It is generally a solid piece of square wood, about 16 in. long, shaped at one end to form the handle,\~A, about 4 in. long. A useful hollow one may be made in this way: Take four pieces of wood, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u185\'B9\u8260\'2F\u8324\'34 in. thick, 12 in. long, and about 1\u179\'B3\u8260\'2F\u8324\'34 in. wide: place them together, as shown at\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78854/pg78854-images.html#Fig13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Fig. 13}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and fix them with screws, illustrated at\~B,\~B,\~B,\~B. Then cut a square piece, as\~C, and fix it with two French nails at each side, as\~D D\~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78854/pg78854-images.html#Fig13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Fig. 13}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). Then have a square piece of wood, the same substance, about 6 in. long, and shape it for the handle, as\~A\~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78854/pg78854-images.html#Fig12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Fig. 12}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), leaving about 2 in. square to form a stopper for the square case, which will be found very handy to keep spare awls in and also broken awls, the use of which will be explained later on. It is also very convenient to keep a sharp knife in, for if left with other tools, this gets blunt, and when picking up another tool, you are apt to cut your hand if the knife is lying on the bench.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 When the strop has been completed}{\f0\fs24\b0 , as shown in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78854/pg78854-images.html#Fig12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Fig. 12}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , paste a piece of leather on one side, and on the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 18]other three sides paste emery-cloth, Nos. 1\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u185\'B9\u8260\'2F\u8322\'32, 1, and\~F F. For putting a fine edge to the knife use the\~F F, dip the blade of the knife in water, and finish on the leather side. In sharpening a knife, always hold the blade quite flat on the strop, or you will produce a round edge, which makes it hard to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Paste is very often wanted. A halfpennyworth can be bought at any grindery shop. But it so soon gets dry, and some of it is sure to be wasted. The better way is to make paste thus: put a table-spoonful of rye-flour into a jar, add a little\~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 boiling}{\f0\fs24\b1 \~water to it, and well stir; this is economical, and you can always have paste in a few minutes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch }