{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Small nicks in their earlobes. Cheerful almost to bumptiousness. Peppered the afternoon with comments}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sirono, Holmberg reported,were amongst the most culturally backward people of the world. Living in constant want and hunger, they had no clothes, no domestic animals, no musical instruments (not even rattles and drums), no art or design, and almost no religion, (the sirono \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91conception of the universe was almost completelhy uncrystallized . Incredibly, they could not count beyond three or make fire (they carried it, he wrote, form camp to camp in a burning brand.) their poor lean tos, made of haphazardly heaped palm fronds, were so ineffective against rain andinsects that the typical band membe undergoes many a sleepless night during the year. Crouched over meager campfires during the wet, buggy nights, the siriono were living exemplars of primitive humankind, the quintessence of \u8216\'91man in the raw state of nature\u8217\'92. Then they encountered european society and for the first timetheir history acquired a narrative flow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Good guy, efforts to alleviate poverty in the andes, but he was wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Believed the land had no real history.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Siriono were among the most culturally impovereshed people on earth. But this was not because they were unchanged holdovers from humankind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ancient past, but because smallpox and influenza laid waste to their villages in the 1920s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then hunted by bolivian gov. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was as if holmberg stumbled upon nazi concentration camp and just assumed that they had always lived that way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In our day, beliefs about indians inherent simplicity and innocence refer mainly to their putative lack of impact on the envorionment. This notion dates back to thoreau, who spent much time seeking \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indian wisdom\u8221\'94, an ingeneous way of thought that supposedly did not encompass measuring or categorizing, which he viewed as the evils that allowed human beings to change Nature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep America Beautiful\u8221\'94 indian cying. Indians were playing a heroic role, emboidied holmberg\u8217\'92s Mistake, for it implicitly depicted indians as people who never changed their environment from its original wild state. Because history is change, they were people without history.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Called them indians by mistake.  Still call them indians.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stone breakwaters and long-prowed reed boats.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wari was a dense, alley-packed craze of walled-off temples, hidden courtyards, royal tombs, and apartments up to six stories tall. Sheathed in white plaster, sparkling in the mountain sun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cahokia - by mining the forests upstream for firewood and floating the logs downriver to the city, they were removing ground cover and increasing the likelihood of catastrophic floods. When these came, as they later did, kings faced angry questioning from their subjects.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A tumult of languages, trade, and culture, a region where tens of millions of people loved and hated and worshipped. Much of this world vanished after columbus, swept away by disease and subjugation. So thorough was the erasure that within a few generations neither conqueror nor conquered knew that this world had existed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Samoset and tisquantum spoke with the colonists for about an hour. Perhaps they then gave a signal, or perhaps massasoit was simply following a prearranged schedule. In any case, he and the rest of the indian party appeared without warning at the crest of a hill on the south bank of the creek that ran through the foreigners\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 camp. Alarmed by massasoit\u8217\'92s sudden entrance, the europeans withdrew to the hill on the opposite bank, where they had emplaced their few cannons behind a half-finished stockade a standoff ensued. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally winslow eschibited the decisiveness that later led to his selection as colony governor. Wearing a full suit of armor and acrrying a sword, he waded through th e stream and offered himself as a hostage. Tisquantum, who walked with him, served as interpreter.massasoit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brother took charge of winslow and then massasoit crossed the water himself, followed by tisquantum and twenty of massasoit\u8217\'92s men, all ostenatiously unarmed. The colonists took the sachem to an unfinished house and gave him some cushoins to recline on . Both sides shared some of the foreigners homemade moonshine, then sttled down to talk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deerskin shawl and leggins . Face covered with bug-reppelling oil and reddish-purple dye. Around his neck hung a pouch of tobacco, a long knife, and a thick chain of prized white shell beads.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The indians were seen as trivial, ineffectual patsies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But when you look at the historical record, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clear that indians were trying to control their own destinies, and often ehough they csucceeded - only to learn, as all peoples do, that the consequenceswere not what they expected.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stared up at the diddering shadows of the hemp bags and bark boxes hanging from the rafters. Voices would skirl up in the darkness; one person singing lullaby then another person, until everyone was asleep. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside the wetu he would hear the cheerful thuds of the large mortars and pestles in which women cushed dried maize into nokake, a flour-like powder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93so sweet, thoothsome, and hearty, that an indian will travel many days with no other but this meal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To master the art of ignoring pain, future pniese had to subject themselves to such miserable experiences ar running barelegged through brambles. And they fasted often, to learn self-discipline. After spending their winter in the woods, pniese candidates came back to an additional test: drinking bitter gentian juice until they vomited, repeating this bulimic process over and over until near fainting, they threw up blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captured men were often tortured (they were admired, though not necessarily spared, if they endured the pain stoically).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amiable to behold.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As a rule, young men wore it long on one side, in an equine mane, but cropped the othe side short, which prevented it form getting tangled in their bow strings. But sometimes they cut their hair into such wild patterns that attempting to imitate them, wood sniffed, wowuld torture the wits of a curious barber.tonsures, pigtails, head completely shaved but for a single forelock, long sides drawn into a queue with a raffish short-cut roach in the middle, all of it was prideful and abhorrent to the pilgrims.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things on the horizon are always further away then they appear. Law of perspective. Distances get compressed the further away from you they are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}