{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The impossibility of descri and bing someone in a sentence or two. Inevitably flat characters. And this leads to people wanting to be flat. The fantasy as it is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 History is change. Let me induct you into the narrative flow. Where yesterday and all days before you were living, today shall be a historic day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Based on the beaks of squid found in sperm whales stomachs, they can get even bigger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri mad at moto, accusess him of being a prissy, never having truly suffered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \~The superciliousness combined with outlandish statements and then an obstinate refusal to explain what the fuck he's talking about gets under your skin. Trolling truly is a art. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Fbi bullshit: }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reuters.com/legal/government/police-empowered-lie-about-investigations-after-federal-appeals-court-ruling-2022-07-20"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.reuters.com/legal/government/police-empowered-lie-about-investigations-after-federal-appeals-court-ruling-2022-07-20}}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 Leftists are still people. You still have narcissists, attention seekers and just generally people who don't delve too deeply into anything and just repeat whatever the previous person is saying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0 Moralism specifically avoids putting the effort into understanding how things work and just lets you make a moral judgement which might elicit positive reactions from your peers. If you want that kind of attention, screaming 'eat the rich' and so on is an easy way to get group approval. Just human brain at play.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0 It's unavoidable and is not related to politics, just how humans are. Nobody is immune. I can share a lot of my own frustrations with leftists but I doubt it is unique to left-leaning thinking, although sometimes the hypocrisy can be frustrating.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0}