{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Confucius and you are both dreams, and I who say you are dreams am a dream myself. This is a paradox. Tomorrow a wise man may explain it; that tomorrow will not be for ten thousand generations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Chuang Tse: II}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Current-borne, wave-flung, tugged hugely by the whole might of ocean, the jellyfish drifts in the tidal abyss. The light shines through it, and the dark enters it. Borne, flung, tugged from anywhere to anywhere, for in the deep sea there is no compass but nearer and farther, higher and lower, the jellyfish hangs and sways; pulses move slight and quick within it, as the vast diurnal pulses beat in the moondriven sea. Hanging, swaying, pulsing, the most vulnerable and insubstantial creature, it has for its defense the violence and power of the whole ocean, to which it has entrusted its being, its going, and its will.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But here rise the stubborn continents. The shelves of gravel and the cliffs of rock break from water baldly into air, that dry, terrible outerspace of radiance and instability, where there is no support for life. And now, now the currents mislead and the waves betray, breaking their endless circle, to leap up in loud foam against rock and air, breaking....}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What will the creature made all of seadrift do on the dry sand of daylight; what will the mind do, each morning, waking?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bed jounced when Mannie sat down on it where the medic had been sitting.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even as he spoke he could hear the elevator whine up and stop, the doors gasp open; then footsteps, hesitation, the outer door opening. He could also, now he was listening, hear doors, typewriters, voices, toilets flushing, in offices all up and down the hall and above him and underneath him, The real trick was to learn how not to hear them. The only solid partitions left were inside the head. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man looked up, frightened: a flash of open terror. He was going to be a simple case. He had no defenses. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 >colon use, as well as obvious omission of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He thought that\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, in a way. But for a specific reason. You see, here \u8230\'85 here I ...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the crux, the lock, though Haber, also watching those tense hands. Poor bastard. He has wet dreams, and a guilt complex about \u8216\'91em. Boyhood enuresis, compulsive mother\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s where you stop believing me.\u8221\'94 The little fellow was sicker than he looked. \u8220\'93A man who deals with dreams both awake and sleeping isn\u8217\'92t too concerned with belief and disbelief, Mr. Orr. They\u8217\'92re not categories I use much. They don\u8217\'92t apply. So ignore that, and go on. I\u8217\'92m interested.\u8221\'94 Did that sound patronizing? He looked at Orr to see if the statement had been taken amiss, and met, for one instant, the man\u8217\'92s eyes. Extraordinarily beautiful eyes, Haber thought, and was surprised by the word, for beauty was not a category he used much either. The irises were blue or gray, very clear, as if transparent. For a moment Haber forgot himself and stared back at those clear, elusive eyes; but only for a moment, so that the strangeness of the experience scarcely registered on his conscious mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 > I like how she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inside the mind, moment to moment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orr might be an intelligent schizophrenic, feeding him a line, putting him on, with schizoid inventiveness and deviousness; but he lacked the faint inward arrogance of such people, to which Haber was extremely sensitive. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, there\u8217\'92re some girls at my office, I\u8217\'92m not a ... not a great stud, actually.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about interpersonal relationships in general? Do you feel you relate satisfactorily to other people, that you have a niche in the emotional ecology of your environment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Willamette East Tower, a great, showy, shoddy shaft of concrete and glass competing with vegetable obstinacy for light and air with the jungle of similar buildings all around it.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Urban and industrial effluvia had not been controlled soon enough to reverse the cumulative trends already at work in the mid-Twentieth Century; it would take several centuries for the CO2 to clear out of the air, if it ever did. New York was going to be one of the larger casualties of the Greenhouse Effect, as the polar ice kept melting and the sea kept rising; indeed all Boswash was imperiled.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The office didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the platinum-and-leather assurance of financial success, nor the rag-and-bottle assurance of scientific disinterest. The chairs and couch were vinyl, the desk was metal plasticoated with a wood finish. Nothing whatever was genuine. Dr. Haber, white-toothed, bay-maned, huge, boomed out, \u8220\'93Good afternoon!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {That geniality was not faked, but it was exaggerated. There was a warmth to the man, an outgoingness, which was real; but it had got plasticoated with professional mannerisms, distorted by the doctor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unspontaneous use of himself. Orr felt in him a wish to be liked and a desire to be helpful; the doctor was not, he thought, really sure that anyone else existed, and wanted to prove they did by helping them. He boomed \u8220\'93Good afternoon!\u8221\'94 so loud because he was never sure he would get an answer. Orr wanted to say something friendly, but nothing personal seemed suitable; he said, \u8220\'93It looks as if Afghanistan might get into the war.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {and feeling broken and abraded, as one might after making an enormous physical effort to resist an overwhelming, battering force. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Its cement floors were stained with the excreta of innumerable engines, the wheelprints of the dinosaurs were fossilized in the dust of its echoing halls.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Projansky\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 in \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'9188. Well. Do you have any grounds for believing that this doctor has been using hypnosis to suggest that you perform anything dangerous, anything you\u8217\'92d find it morally repugnant to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The client hesitated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dangerous, yes. If you accept that a dream can be dangerous. But he doesn\u8217\'92t direct me to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 do\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 anything. Only to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 dream\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, are the dreams he suggests morally repugnant to you?\u8221\'94\line \line >>Dreams and hypnosis and suggestibility as part of the narrative hardware of our brains. How these narratives develop over time affect the noosphere, and thus, what we are}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Miss Lelache sank the point of her chin between her hands again and stared for a while at the blue clipbox on her desk at the very nadir of her range of vision. }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. But he\u8217\'92s using me for experimental\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Orr got no further: Miss Lelache had stiffened, the spider had seen, at last, her prey.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}