{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Evening brought them out of the storm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wake and onto solid clay. This part of the Sand still officially belonged to the Pitted Portion, though there were no pits. There hadn\u8217\'92t been any pits as far back as Minting Rock. There were only scraggly bushes and a few stunted trees with gray, wavy bark and chalky leaves. Ayram propped his great pack up against one of these miniature trees with the hope of squeezing in a short rest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He permitted Seb to build a smokeless fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt smart in reminding everyone that a Riga wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need smoke to find them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrks aren\u8217\'92t the only ones from which we need to hide,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They sat around the fire, watching the sun set. The Ayramun all munched on hardtack, and Mandri was allowed a swig of wine that had no taste, not to him at least. Everyone else grimaced and spat the moment the liquid touched their tongues, but still they drank, and after three rounds, they laughed as they drank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Conversation turned to the terrain ahead and the difficulties they might face. Eventually, conversation turned to the Great Solgi Erg. That mountain of sand was not in their way, but no conversation about the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features could end without mentioning it at least once. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri made the mistake of calling it the Solgi Erg. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tha }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Great}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Solgi Erg,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Seb corrected as she popped another borcandi spine into her cheek. It seemed her raggedy sleeve possessed an infinite supply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Apologies,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plenty of Ergs in the sand. Only one of \u8216\'91em is Great.\u8221\'94 Seb said this with some enthusiasm, as if the Erg was an well-regarded friend. \u8220\'93Ya know how it came to be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard the same stories everyone else has.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then ya heard the same lies. The story you know one big belly-aching lie. No truth gets carried from them olden days. The erg got made long before the corruption of signs and symbols. Only one thing that can be said for the truth of it: Solraheen made it. Everything else, nobody knows. Even the name\u8217\'92s not real. The Great Solgi Erg, for you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 remember you been brought up in a Solitant\u8217\'92s hat, but I tell ya now, that bump of sand has other names. Older names. Which is the true name? Who can say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri admired the Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stamina. She\u8217\'92d been walking all day, faster than anyone else, and here she was, about to charge through the telling of a story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solitants say that Solraheen planted a stick in the groun\u8217\'92 to mark one of His garden\u8217\'92s eight corners. Then He left to go somewheres else. He left that stick straight in the groun\u8217\'92 and wandered off. Where\u8217\'92d He go? They say He left to pace out the rest of the garden. Then they say His long walk kicked up the the Shulzisa wind, and they say that wind circled the earth, came back round, and puffed up on that planted stick. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 They say}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92ve heard,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An how\u8217\'92s it go next? The wind blows sand against stick, an\u8217\'92 a little egg of sand builds up in the stick\u8217\'92s lee. Nine moons later, that fledglin\u8217\'92 dune grows up to swallow the stick whole. All it took was that one accidented stick, and it birthed that first dune. The dune grows, and grows, and grows until it gets a name: the Primal Erg. Next, it\u8217\'92s belly-full, rolling \u8216\'91cross the world, leavin\u8217\'92 little baby dunes in its wake. It rolls all the way to the edge of the ocean, an\u8217\'92 there it stops. It\u8217\'92s been bleeding into the waters ever since, half the size of what it once was. That\u8217\'92s what we call the Great Solgi Erg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took a pause to spit a wad of juice into the fire. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only question is, do ya think Solraheen meant to do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do ya think He knew, after planting that stick in the ground, that a whole sand sea would build up round it? Did He make that Erg on purpose, or was it accidented?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s initial reaction was to say that if Solraheen did not want the Erg to exist, it would not exist. But he held his tongue because it seemed the question was baited. Seb looked ready to trap him with some torturous Outland rhetoric.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He decided to employ an old thought-stopper that was quite reliable. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think Solraheen makes mistakes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yessss,\u8221\'94 said Seb, hissing like a snake. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Solitants say. They call it the Solgi Erg, \u8216\'91cause \u8216\'91gi\u8217\'92 means \u8216\'91gift\u8217\'92. Yet I heard it called the Great Solzima Erg, and \u8216\'91zima\u8217\'92 means\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 know what it means?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Means shame. Tribes of Old Believers out in the Empty Portion call the whole thing \u8216\'91Sol\u8217\'92s shame\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91cause all it is, is a mistake. \u8216\'91Cause if Sol wanted the Erg to form, He would\u8217\'92ve built it up with his own two hands as He did with everythin\u8217\'92 else. Why should He want fertile black earth to get overrun  by useless sand? Old Believers can\u8217\'92t believe that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter what you can or can\u8217\'92t believe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you tell me: why would Solraheen would walk off into the middle o\u8217\'92 tha world and make lakes that reflect the light of heaven, fill \u8216\'91em with all kinds of shimmering beasts of beauty, and then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 right then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 He goes an\u8217\'92 leaves the Erg to struggle up on its own, a basic sameness of stuff with no redeeming parts. All the Erg did, all it does, is ripple the wind! Hah! Same could be said of you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her excited, near toothless smile settled into a deep and easy sneer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Old Believers say that when Sol returned to that stick that He\u8217\'92d stuck in Jandri\u8217\'92s rib, and saw the Erg standin\u8217\'92 there, He fell into despair. Now that I believe. \u8216\'91Cause it would take eons to clean up that Erg, even for Him. That\u8217\'92s why He created the Buggal wind to blow it away into the sea, an\u8217\'92 that\u8217\'92s why He left that part of the world an\u8217\'92 never came back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s not the story that I\u8217\'92ve been told,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I said already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I mean that I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ve heard the story that I\u8217\'92ve been told.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ever seen the Erg for yourself?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have\u8230\'85from the water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From the water, he says! Been bit by Solitants, he has. An\u8217\'92 don\u8217\'92t try an\u8217\'92 tickle me, I know all the stories. See how Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers Sand, they say. Think of the Sand! They say. The forms! Tidal dunes in the lee of hills. Echo dunes on the windward side. Crescent dunes, snake dunes, crater dunes rimmed with grass. Go to the Empty Portion and piss off the rows of arches. Lose ya wits at the sight of the ridges which line the Seedra. Stripes, domes, lizardfeet, hairpins, scallops, stars, all mounds of sand that swell in size an temper. Rivals any family of flowers! }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 They say.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She leaned in close.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What else they say? They say them dunes is no pigment, an\u8217\'92 that wind is no brush, and Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand ain\u8217\'92t out here to paint it. They say He\u8217\'92s dead. They say the Sand is dead, that it moves and makes nothin\u8217\'92. But that\u8217\'92s all wrong. The Sand is Sparked; it\u8217\'92s alive as much as you and me. The Ergs walk the desert, eat the rocks, shit them out behind, the parts they can\u8217\'92t stomach. Ya can hear the dunes howl if you stoop and listen. An\u8217\'92 why deny it? Ya know why. I know ya know why. It\u8217\'92s cause they want to believe that all ya need to do to change the world is plant a leg in the sand, as Solraheen planted His stick, and the wave you create becomes a mountain. Well, happy day. I hope ya never fall\u8217\'92d for it. Cuz everythin\u8217\'92 we do is already been planned. An\u8217\'92 that means doin nothin\u8217\'92 is the same as doin\u8217\'92 somethin\u8217\'92. Stick or no stick. Leg or no leg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spark or no Spark,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now ya get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She spat again into the fire, and now that she felt Mandri had picked up some of her wisdom, she left him alone for night.}}