{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 main character's inner dynamics than in most other genres, yet still with a pacey plot }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 slipstream, new weird, speculative fiction, and transrealism. for\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 fantasy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~readers, who also appreciate upmarket characteristics. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Who is your main character (protagonist)? Mandri}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 What problem do they face? Crisis of self.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 What are the choices they must make? What tension drives the story forward? hunted}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 What does your character want?}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Why do they want it?}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 What keeps them from getting it?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hello everyone, }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 I need special help with comps. The way I would want to describe it is \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93The Man Who Painted The Dragon Griaule\u8221\'94 by Lucius Shepard meets Karen Miller\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Empress\u8221\'94. But these aren\u8217\'92t recent things, and I\u8217\'92m not exactly submerged in modern fantasy. Please help!}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Dear\~[Honorific]\~[Agent Name],\line \line [Tagline]...\line \line 20-year-old\~portrait painter\~Mandrameen\~just wants\~to retreat from the world and lose himself in addiction to psychedelic burgeons, but when\~He is killed by an evil witch, then resurrected and made a Minder,\~Mandri\~Tries to accept the burden. Now,\~Mandri\~must summon his will to kill the Amalgamete or else all of creation will be destroyed.\line \line As\~Mandri\~Get to the Amalgamete before they are gotten by Imperial forces,\~he\~discovers\~The choice of Mandri as Minder may be motivated by more than mere chance, there are deeper threads of fate at play.\~Mandri\~is put to the test when\~[Initial Challenges], and when\~Obo has a shadow, a being who can track him down from anywhere,\~he\~has to\~outpace their Hrkan pursuit\~or\~be destroyed before they can reach their goal.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Pel overcomes Mandrameen, and soon his body is bound for that very demon\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. Unfortunately for Pel, Mandri\u8217\'92s baggage train is ambushed in the desert by a bandit troupe. designs in an ambush, led, in part, by another witch named Elrahet. Thus, Mandri is forced into the middle of a war which has been raging since the dawn of creation.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Dear ___,}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92m writing to seek representation for my debut novel, INVINCIBLE DREAD, which stands complete at 130,000 words. It is an adult epic fantasy novel that explores the philosophy and art of a Mesopotamian inspired world that is being squeezed to death by a \u8216\'91civilizing\u8217\'92 culture. With fast paced, bloody action motivated by characters who opine on the nature of the divine, it will appeal to readers of [x] and [x].}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 By the age of ten, Mandrameen could paint a portrait in oils that rivaled any master. By the age of twenty, he was reduced to a portrait of addiction to a psychedelic flower bud called a burgeon. All he wants to do is sip burgeon juice and watch himself dissolve. Unfortunately for him, this deliberate self-destruction attracts a feral witch, named Pel, who seeks an empty vessel for her god.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 And as comes evil, so comes good\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Pel kills Mandrameen, but he resurrected by the witch Elrahet. Now he }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 But Mandri was not brought back from the dead without conditions. He has been bonded to a living weapon of tremendous power which Elrahet and her bandit troupe have stolen from the Hrkan Lords. This weapon is a fleshcrafted youth named Obo, and if Mandri could only focus, he\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92d be able to have Obo shoot divine flames from his mouth.  The choice of Mandri as Minder may be motivated by more than mere chance, there are deeper threads of fate at play. Mandri has to }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 These bandits are hunted, for they have amongst them a prisoner kidnapped from imperial power, a fleshcrafted being who can spit golden fire from his mouth. It is the bandit\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s goal to use Obo to destroy the Amalgamete.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Together, Mandrameen and Obo struggle alongside these bandits who they do not trust inside of a desert that is squeezed dry by imperialistic might. Cannibalistic tribes lurk in forgotten temples. Demons are hiding in the ground. Uncertain loyalties frame their every move, and worse, everyone Mandrameen meets wants to tell him who he is, and what he\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s meant for. In the end, he must decide between a budding friendship, incredible sacrifice, and the divine purpose written down for him when the world was made.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Bio: I graduated from Ringling College of Art and Design in 2013, and previously worked in the video game industry as a generalist (painting/sculpting/programming/design). I left the industry to pursue personal projects. Invincible Dread is one of these.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}