{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just when you think a snake's belly can't get any lower in slithers Boris. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is a birthmark of their soul, hereditary and centuries-old, for their slavery, for the Tartars, for Ivan, for the oprichniks, for the eternal revolts drowned in blood.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fiona hill on putin:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get caught up in responding and reacting to what the russians are doing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every time we pause, he makes a move. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what he\u8217\'92s known for. It\u8217\'92s his trademark. He\u8217\'92s a master of pre-emption. He has lots of contingencies. He tries to lay out as many options as possible. He\u8217\'92s not going to stay still while we move on into a whole host of negotiations, he\u8217\'92s going to keep on moving. He ups the ante. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cult of tradition. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One has only to look at the syllabus of every fascist movement to find the major traditionalist thinkers. The Nazi gnosis was nourished by traditionalist, syncretistic, occult elements.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rejection of modernism. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Enlightenment, the Age of Reason, is seen as the beginning of modern depravity. In this sense Ur-Fascism can be defined as irrationalism.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cult of action for action\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sake. \u8220\'93Action being beautiful in itself, it must be taken before, or without, any previous reflection. Thinking is a form of emasculation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Disagreement is treason. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The critical spirit makes distinctions, and to distinguish is a sign of modernism. In modern culture the scientific community praises disagreement as a way to improve knowledge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fear of difference. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first appeal of a fascist or prematurely fascist movement is an appeal against the intruders. Thus Ur-Fascism is racist by definition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Appeal to social frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One of the most typical features of the historical fascism was the appeal to a frustrated middle class, a class suffering from an economic crisis or feelings of political humiliation, and frightened by the pressure of lower social groups.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The obsession with a plot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thus at the root of the Ur-Fascist psychology there is the obsession with a plot, possibly an international one. The followers must feel besieged.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The enemy is both strong and weak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By a continuous shifting of rhetorical focus, the enemies are at the same time too strong and too weak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pacifism is trafficking with the enemy. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For Ur-Fascism there is no struggle for life but, rather, life is lived for struggle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Contempt for the weak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elitism is a typical aspect of any reactionary ideology.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everybody is educated to become a hero. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In Ur-Fascist ideology, heroism is the norm. This cult of heroism is strictly linked with the cult of death.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Machismo and weaponry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Machismo implies both disdain for women and intolerance and condemnation of nonstandard sexual habits, from chastity to homosexuality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Selective populism. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is in our future a TV or Internet populism, in which the emotional response of a selected group of citizens can be presented and accepted as the Voice of the People.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ur-Fascism speaks Newspeak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All the Nazi or Fascist schoolbooks made use of an impoverished vocabulary, and an elementary syntax, in order to limit the instruments for complex and critical reasoning.\u8221\'94}}