{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skin of the amalgamete naturally healing. Around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re giving him a spark, we can\u8217\'92t control him. We\u8217\'92ll two mazyds to deal with instead of one!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Speactuaclur magical display.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo comes out. A white liquid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Stands\u8217\'92/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You din\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opens up his chest, pulls out Purls hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You did!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long have you been standing there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other mazyd, standing in the  at the end of the hall}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw it all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo smiles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea what just happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93UUUUGH. How could you not? Did you not see it happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch is not what she seems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sigh.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And What is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haven\u8217\'92t a clue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could ask. That\u8217\'92s some kind of demon, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet like a feral cat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sighs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll leave you to it.\u8221\'94 Walks away. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on. Hoooold on, Buno. I\u8217\'92m expecting you to say a special something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pauses. Sighs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo is like, orgasmic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what was that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That, my beloved Mandri, was Mazyd Buno.\u8221\'94 Waiting mischievously for the next question. \u8220\'93For those of you who are confused, He and I are two of five Mazyds who have managed to hide some measure of autonomy from our Minders. I hatched a plan to win all of it. Dear Buno didn\u8217\'92t think it would work. And yet\u8230\'85would you like this back Purl?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drops the hand on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You planned }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 all }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of this?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course not. It was an absurd plan based on rumors, but lets just say I was desperate, and what great deed was done without great risk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our deal. Yes. Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will kill Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smile of a whose been caught.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remains to be seen, doesn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We made a deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We did, but you see\u8230\'85I feel bad about this, I do. But you see, I could die tomorrow and I will have accomplished nothing. I\u8217\'92m not a selfish person, I don\u8217\'92t want the one spark. I want to free }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of the Mazyd, and I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet have the knowledge to do that. For that, I need you. You, Elrahet, are the most precious thing to me in all the world\u8230\'85This life you\u8217\'92ve given me, think of it as a tasting, as a proof of concept. I\u8217\'92m interested what you have to offer. What comes next, we can haggle over the details.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s next is you kill Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is a dilemma, isn\u8217\'92t it? I kill Solraheen for you, and you\u8217\'92ll have gotten what you want so you can decide not to honor your debt. Conversly, if you give me knoweldge of the spark, I have no compelling reason to help you. Having no higher authority to appeal to in case of a breach of contract, and no real reputations to maintain, we find ourselves at an impasse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already done what asked you asked, and you changed your stance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Precisely. How could you trust me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no point in arguing with him. He\u8217\'92s not going to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - get him to understand why she wants solraheen dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like I said before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Come, you want to know who I am? Come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Say a good by to ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get my blade. Moto tries, Obo succeeds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I loosened it up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gets the burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They disappear down the hole.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}