{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One religion is True and the rest are False.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For some reason, this simple dichotomy does not satisfy everyone. Some go so far as to say that no religion is in sole possession of the divine truth. Other, more analytical minds, take a more systematic approach. They investigate the similarities and differences of belief and behavior, hoping to catch a glimpse of some more overarching truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solitants come specially prepared for battle in this arena.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When a Solitiant proselytizes to the fractured, they open with the observation that every religion in existence turns on a story that explains the origin of suffering. The Supine Cult believes that there are two gods, one good, one bad, and all suffering comes from the latter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood swings. The Bavainu believe that suffering is a result of one\u8217\'92s own evil acts, or one\u8217\'92s ancestors. The Shell Kings believe that suffering is a symptom of Shellkhashar, a sort of primordial ooze which can inflict a transmittable spiritual disease which dulls virtuous instinct. There are a hundred more religions, each with a hundred variations, and in every instance, the story of suffering\u8217\'92s arrival is accompanied by a solution for it. The Supine Cult entreats their followers to lay down and pray their energy into the sky to make it stronger, for that is where the righteous god dwells. The Bavainu say that if one lives rightly and follows their ancient law, their life will be a happy one. The Shell Kings recommend drinking the blood of a willing virgin mixed with a mind melting toxin found in a sea snail\u8217\'92s shell. Yes, every religion has its own solution to suffering, so that\u8217\'92s what they are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 religions peddling relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All religions do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All of them except for the one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Solitants offer no solution to life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s troubles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "We are the only ones who believe that suffering is nothing to fear," a Solitant priest will say. "Suffering is what this is all about!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He or she then smiles, and the smile accentuates the self-inflicted scar on their cheek which marks their initiation into Solitant orders. Those Solitants who have delved deep into the mysteries smile underneath a mask of scars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Life }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  suffering", they say. "Try to suffer without suffering." They laugh because it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make sense. Truly, the Spark is like a block of sculptor's stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 clean, abstract, inert, featureless\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and then comes the sculptor's chisel. As the chisel carves away at the stone to find the statue, so too does pain carve away at the Spark to find the person. What troubles our fleshy vessels is what makes us who we are. In this way, Solitants are artists of the Self. Their chisel is pain. Solraheen guides the hammer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Common Hrkan speech has only the one word for pain. So, if a person says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am in pain,\u8221\'94 there\u8217\'92s no way to know, precisely, what they mean. Did this person stub their toe, or did a loved one die? Have their bowels been blocked for days? The word \u8216\'91pain\u8217\'92 can be accompanied by all manner of adjectives and intensifiers, but the fact remains that states of being which are not at all alike are sharing the same word. Even Old Jandri has separate monosyllables for physical, and then mental, pain. The words \u8216\'91anguish\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91ache\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91soreness\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91irritation\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91misery\u8217\'92 all approach different things, but they\u8217\'92re not nearly enough to cover the spectrum. Adjectives are a fancy invention, but in the end they\u8217\'92re all ill-defined. They\u8217\'92re nothing but a fuzzy cloud orbiting that single, simple word\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Solitant goes as far as to claim that the very structure of Hrkan speech stunts the growth of pain appreciation. The mind cannot develop a sensitivity to certain flavors of agony if the world is divided into subject, verb, and object. Such a structure separates the Self from the action, and in so doing, grand vistas of becoming remain hidden from sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The keyturn comes after reflecting on the sentence, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I hurt myself.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hurt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Myself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Notice how language has smuggled in a narrative. It has conjured out of nothing an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I\u8217\'92 from before and a \u8216\'91myself\u8217\'92 after the act of hurt. It has split the self in two, which is impossible, and it has reduced hurt from the basic mode of being to a phase transition. Solitants find this framing limiting, and so they invented a tenseless, subjectless language revolving around pain and its many flavors. Outside looking in, this language is more of a catalog of rasping utterances than a functional language, but Solitants claim it has utility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was perfectly fine with the phrase \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I hurt myself\u8217\'92. Hurting himself was the primary means he\u8217\'92d ever acquired hurt. Troubles often began when his own bad moves stabbed back. He suspected that it was much the same for everyone else. Really, there was no need to deconstruct something so universal. There definitely wasn\u8217\'92t any point in creating a whole new language to do it. Besides, pain was best expressed through the natural language of gesture, as Solraheen intended. In breadth of expression, the face is far, far superior to words. Of what use is a fuzzy word when one can see pain written on the face clear as day?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Observe the eye and brow of a person in pain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is there languor, lethargy, an imploring look for help? Impatience? Anxiety? Is the skin knit tight, or smooth and beaded with sweat? Is the eye\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lid puffy or hollow? Are the cheeks wet or dry, dark or pale, sallowing purple or yellow? Then there\u8217\'92s the body. All the little tremors of the body eventually work themselves up into the face. The lower back knots up, the shoulders spasm, the neck curls, and finally the lips draw tight and the teeth themselves will speak. A trained eye can look at another in pain and know, without words, the entirety of their inner world. A professional portrait painter knows double if they care to study the art. In the end, the holy language of the Solitants was wholly redundant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No argument could convince Mandri otherwise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That is, until a demon bit his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pain fainted him, and it was pain which woke him up. It was a pain so intense that the slightest pressure elicited a scream. The skin around the already clotted wound was taut and throbbing, a drumhead reverberating pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto tried to make him walk. This was due to a miscommunication. He and Mandri were speaking different languages. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lungs had seized and so he could on speak in wheezing hisses. Moto took this babble as a childish unwillingness to even try to move. But getting up was functionally impossible. In the end, Chopper tossed Mandri atop his own giant pack, and they walked on. With each step that Chopper took, Mandri\u8217\'92s raw wound chafed against Chopper\u8217\'92s shoulder, sending a fresh wave of excruciating pain into his groin and hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He fainted again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He woke up the next day when Chopper leaned back and dropped him from a height like a horse dropping dung. Mandri landed hard on his wounded thigh and he let loose a gargled curse. He tried to find some twist of hip and spine that could give relief, but these contortions ended with him lying all the way back and shifting most of his weight onto his right ass cheek. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At least he could breathe more freely now. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That meant he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Damn it all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through the chewed-up hole in his robe he could see that his affected left thigh had been poulticed and bandaged, though it was poorly done. The brown woolen wraps were ragged and splitting apart. A few sturdy threads were all that was holding the mass of spongy, mud-dusted weed-paste together. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sometime after, the pain settled into a manageable enough thing, and Mandri realized that Chopper dropped him because they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d arrived at some accursed destination\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an enormous black rock sitting in the middle of a flat and sandy landscape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just any big rock. It was a single, smooth, uncracked rock. Rocks that big in the Sand tend to be slumping things that look half-melted by the sun, but this rock, this biggest of all boulders, was a healthy, upright egg. So unnatural and precarious was its position that it seemed a strong blast of wind should be able to pick the whole thing up and send it rolling along the desert floor. Mandri felt that if he stood next to it and gave a hearty push, he could get it rolling himself. And with no other rocky eminence in sight, well, that made it seem like the rock had been deliberately placed here in the middle of nowhere by the hand of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Surely, this was a holy place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps not, because Moto was here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man was stooped over a huge pile of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haulings some yards away. There were two other Ayramun present, two dour looking women who milled about that pack heap. Moto and Chopper unstrapped their own pack and tossed them on top of the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We been looking for you,\u8221\'94 said a spritely older woman who looked ready to hunt a bull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto looked ready to slap her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks to me, Forty, like you've been doing nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We got told to look for you, and here we are, lookin right at you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto nodded towards Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you can look at him. Make sure he doesn\u8217\'92t go and do something stupid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we take you to Ayram, as we been ordered to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine with me, but someone should watch him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do it,\u8221\'94 said the other woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have preferred to be left alone with his screaming leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He set himself to twisting to and fro to try and undo the searing knot of pain that throbbed inside his knee, thigh, and hip. He tried to recall the words to an Old Jandri curse that could kill a callous man like Moto, but the pain in his leg was a powerful amnestic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He prepared the ground around him so that he could more comfortably wallow in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, he shimmied over to the pile of packs so that he could use them as a sort of couch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d already forgotten that Seb was there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened to ya leg?\u8221\'94 she asked before spitting a wad of juice uncomfortably close to his affected thigh. She was obviously an old hand at chewing spines because she carried herself with that borcandi bent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like her muscles were stuck in tension and had been that way for years, shoulders hunched and tight, head knocked forward, limbs all slightly bowed as if she\u8217\'92d rusted that way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I got bitten,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dragged himself up onto the pile of packs. He settled his elbow into a bag of grain and let his hip sink into an inside-out goat bladder stuffed with who knows what. It was enough to negotiate a tenuous peace with his wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say what ya get bit by?\u8221\'94 Seb was standing over him now. Her skinny shadow striped his belly. \u8220\'93Can smell death all over ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his poorly poulticed leg. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m dying, if that\u8217\'92s what you mean. I think I made it through the worst of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look that way to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last night I could hardly breathe, but now I can breathe just fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What ya get bit by?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t believe me. Well, you might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon?\u8221\'94 Seb said as her face wrinkled up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you would\u8217\'92ve believed me. Ask Moto. He\u8217\'92ll tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You thought I was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This was different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s always a difference \u8216\'91tween what ya saw, and what ya thought ya saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced hard as the pain in his leg reared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should let me look at it,\u8221\'94 Seb said with concern. \u8220\'93Might be able to do somethin\u8217\'92 for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s generally amicable demeanor, there was no getting past her generally frightening appearance. Her mouth was a black wreck and her missing eyebrows made it near impossible to ascertain her intentions. She seemed as ready to rub her finger in the wound as sew it up. But as the pain in Mandri\u8217\'92s leg was stupid, and he couldn\u8217\'92t think of anything worse than something stupid that refused to go away, he scrunched up the hem of his robe to reveal the bite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The many veins in his inner thigh ran black as ink, and nearer to the loose poultice, above his knee, those black veins bulged above his skin like nightworms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He unwrapped the long strip of wool that held the poultice in place. The various weedy leaves and lichens that composed the meat were too dried out to be doing any good. He was able to flick most of it into his palm easily enough, but the rest he had to pluck, for the pulped leaf stems closer to the flesh were caked in a gooey dark-brown emulsion of infected blood and poultice paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Clean it out,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think I\u8217\'92m doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri kept picking until all that was left was the terrifying sight of a day-old demon bite. The edges of this fang-scalloped wound were festering and black, and this jagged ring of dying flesh enclosed a puddle of that brown emulsion, which had, in part, been scraped away to reveal the red-raw muscle of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Somehow it looked worse than it felt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What really got Mandri worried was how his inky black veins wormed up his thigh towards his crotch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see all of it,\u8221\'94 Seb said as she leaned over the affected area, admiring the patterns of necrosis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely not,\u8221\'94 Mandri quickened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How your chest feel?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just hurry up and do whatever you\u8217\'92re going to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb studied the wound with care, eyes pouring over every detail as if she were a paint peddler discovering a painting\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s provenance, and the particular textures and colors of the budding scabs might help her determine the true artist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pulled back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That there is a demon bite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it is. You said you could help with the pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t do nothin\u8217\'92 for it. Beyond my ken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri groaned and slapped the weedy poultice back onto his wound and another flare of pain rolled him up. When he recovered, he did his best to re-wrap that ragged strip of wool around his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place is this place anyway?\u8221\'94 he asked, nodding towards the giant black egg of rock looming over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They call it Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why it\u8217\'92s called that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t know. When I first heard the name I thought they were mintin\u8217\'92 counterfeits out here, away from pryin\u8217\'92 eyes. But that ain\u8217\'92t it. What it is, I don\u8217\'92t know. No one tells me shit. It\u8217\'92s not practical is what it is, \u8216\'91cause the nearest spring is twenty miles. An if that rock were any blacker, I\u8217\'92d call it Fabled Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dabbed his finger against the black veins running up his thigh. That was a mistake. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93GAH!\u8221\'94 he yelped. \u8220\'93AAagggh!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a sacred place,\u8221\'94 Seb said, ignoring his wincing. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s old. Older than half the world, I bet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri grabbed the base of his thigh and tried to choke the life out of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s worse fates then bein\u8217\'92 bit by a demon. If ya\u8217\'92d been caught by Kalemites you\u8217\'92d be ate already, and the one to eat your stomach would be wearin\u8217\'92 your butt bone strapped to his head.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would have preferred that,\u8221\'94 Mandri grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Awwww, ya need a friend, don\u8217\'92t ya?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri laughed, but the woman was serious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, I don\u8217\'92t mean to upset you, but I don\u8217\'92t particularly like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Seb asked, offended. \u8220\'93I got ya rescued from those Hrkan pigs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I look rescued to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb eyed him over, then quirked her head to concede the point. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I \u8216\'91spose not. But that don\u8217\'92t matter cause bein\u8217\'92 friends don\u8217\'92t actually mean we got to like each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was under the impression that it did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends is jus\u8217\'92 somethin\u8217\'92 people do to pass the time. Don\u8217\'92t actually need to like each other to do that. Not like anyone ever liked anyone anyway. Two people get to know eachother well enough and it ends in hate. Always does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would disagree, but I can\u8217\'92t really challenge your experiences with my own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t matter if you disagree, cause that\u8217\'92s how it is. Only reason two people ever liked each other is cause they weren\u8217\'92t well acquainted. Raw facts say, you don\u8217\'92t like me an\u8217\'92 I don\u8217\'92t like you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s not on me or you cause that\u8217\'92s how it is for everyone.\u8221\'94 She spat her certainty into the sand, this time taking a little more care to make sure it landed a good way away from poor Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only one way I could ever consider you my friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me escape.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Escape where? Then its just you and the Sand. Hows that help?\u8221\'94 She studied Mandri a moment and a sarcastic glint caught her smile. \u8220\'93Want a slice of spiced jerk? That\u8217\'92s what ya need. Ya need a nice slice of spiced jerk.\u8221\'94 She dug around the pile of packs, then pulled out a leather sack and slipped her hand into it. Out came a dried slip of beef, and she tucked it into her cheek to marinate in all the borcandi juice. She pulled out another one and extended it towards Mandri in a gesture of peace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri batted it away. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that supposed to make us even?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Even}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ? If anythin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92, you owe me! Who rescued who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, you did not rescue me. I was a slave, and I remain a slave. Nothing in my situation has changed. In fact I\u8217\'92d say it\u8217\'92s changed for the worse.\u8221\'94 He pointed to his leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So ya don\u8217\'92t want the jerk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My mouth has no saliva.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It don\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t sweat, either. Perks of a Mazid. My eyelids scratch my eyes every time I blink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why them eyes is pink?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what you\u8217\'92re doing, Seb. You\u8217\'92re not going to cozy me into cooperating. The only thing I want is to walk away without being hunted down, but I know that\u8217\'92s too much to ask.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram can\u8217\'92t give out freedom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course he can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah. Freedom don\u8217\'92t exist. That demon that bit ya, could that demon do anythin\u8217\'92 other than what it was goin\u8217\'92 to do? Nope. Ain\u8217\'92t nobody got a choice. The sooner ya stop whinin\u8217\'92 bout freedom the sooner ya can breathe easy, \u8216\'91cause freedom is nothin\u8217\'92 but misdirection. The gods put us all on a path a long time ago an\u8217\'92 all anyone does is follow it. That includes me, an Ayram too. Gotta get away from hatin\u8217\'92 everythin\u8217\'92 that happens, and jus let things be. Like, I could hate ya }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 easy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Killed summa my friends.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, according to you, you didn\u8217\'92t actually }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  them right? So it was no big loss.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jus\u8217\'92 cause I didn\u8217\'92t like \u8216\'91em, that don\u8217\'92t mean I didn\u8217\'92t like \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri could stammer out a confused, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94, Seb screwed up and spat, \u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t gotta \u8216\'91splain shit to you. Wouldn\u8217\'92t work if I tried. Ya know what ya need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya need a spine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri supposed she was talking about courage and can-get-through-it, but was pleasantly surprised when she dug into her left sleeve and pulled out a fresh borcandi spine. Well, fresh was a relative word. Something that looked like fungus furred the spine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 Seb said and she put the spine away. Then her eyes popped wide. \u8220\'93I know what ya need! Ya need burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She dug into her opposite sleeve and pulled out a pouch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A blessed, yellow leather pouch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bright as the morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its belly bulged with burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oooooooo!\u8221\'94 Seb shrilled as she marveled at Mandri\u8217\'92s awe. \u8220\'93We gotta burgeon biter, don\u8217\'92t we!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course she did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She jangled the bag around like it were a baby\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bauble. The burgeons bouncing around inside hardly made a noise, but to Mandri\u8217\'92s ears it might as well have been bells of glory coming to take him into bliss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must admit,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m starting to come around to this whole friendship idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No better way to pass the time,\u8221\'94 Seb mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A hint of distant motion caught Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 people began to tumble out from Minting Rock\u8217\'92s belly. First one, then three, then seven of them, and last came Ayram. Each in turn took off jogging towards Mandri, Seb, and the pile of dumped goods. With Ayram at the rear it looked like the oncoming Ayramun were fleeing before a marauding giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb clutched the burgeon pouch close to her chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come on,\u8221\'94 Mandri whined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She put a shushing finger to her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not s\u8217\'92posed to have these. Don\u8217\'92t speak on \u8216\'91em, or Ayram will toss \u8216\'91em in a fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first Aryamun to reach them was the short, boorish man named Hill. Hill pushed Mandri over, casually ignoring Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s agonized hoot. He then stole the pack that Mandri had been laying against, and he gave Mandri an annoyed huff as he fluffed his own scraggly mustache with his bottom lip. Then he trotted back towards Minting Rock while the rest of the Ayramun loaded themselves up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram was the only one to simply stand. He stood right over Mandri. Such was his size that Mandri actually felt humbled. However, as Mandri could not, by definition, be humbled, he mistook this feeling for something else. Yes, this was some other strange emotion that he could not quite place. Something like confusion. Out-of-placeness. Ayram was an amalgamation of all the familiar features of a man, but they were all so stretched that they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t match the pattern of a person. Ayram was greater, somehow more solid, a reference point for being, like an old tree, or a father in the eyes of a son. Or, and Mandri was leaning in this direction now, Ayram was a demon. Demons were as primordial as trees and fathers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted, his voice rattling Mandri\u8217\'92s bones. \u8220\'93Get over here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was one of the Ayramun who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been scrambling around, hauling all those packs towards Minting Rock. He was hugging a bulging sack of sand-dried vegetables when he heard Ayram shout his name. He immediately dropped the sack and jogged over to see what the fuss was about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain,\u8221\'94 Ayram said as he pointed to Mandri\u8217\'92s leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s as I said,\u8221\'94 Moto intoned. \u8220\'93The boy got bit by a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Above the knee?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He jumped into a lizard pit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I didn\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 Mandri wailed, but this whine wasn\u8217\'92t manly enough to reach Ayram\u8217\'92s ears so the giant ignored him entirely. He said to Moto, \u8220\'93Explain why this boy jumped into a lizard pit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shrugged his shoulders and shook his head as if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the faintest idea. Ayram crossed his arms and waited. Moto then cooked up a story about Mandri trying to escape. His whole body got involved as he told this big lie. Mandri was familiar with the technique. All that gesticulating, it wasn\u8217\'92t really about selling the lie, it was about letting everyone know that he was going to cause a fuss if he was called out for telling that lie. If Ayram thought that fuss would be more trouble then the whole thing was worth, then Moto might just him to believe it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto finished up by extending his arms all the way out to the sky and declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy\u8217\'92s an idiot! He doesn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 think}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got a black Spark, no, he\u8217\'92s got no Spark at all! You should have seen it, the demon was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 chewing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  on his leg and he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even try to fight the thing off. Chopper had to jump in and save him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak out of turn, so he was forced to resort to a series of incredulous gasps, and with each word that Moto spoke, Mandri\u8217\'92s face scrunched up tighter and tighter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he made every effort short of squealing to let Ayram know that Moto was lying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t do what I told you to do,\u8221\'94 Ayram finally said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could I?\u8221\'94 Moto griped. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92d take a hundred virgins to liven this one up. The boy\u8217\'92s a Mazid. He has no will to live.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders dropped in defeat. He took off towards Minting Rock, but not before sending a threatening glare Mandri\u8217\'92s way. Meanwhile, Ayram tapped out his frustration against his elbows as he stared at Mandri\u8217\'92s leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an ill omen,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93A man gets bit by a demon and doesn't die, that means he\u8217\'92s an agent of Shis. Is that what you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you walk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri rolled onto his stomach and pushed himself up onto his good knee, and from there, he stood up. His bad leg was as stiff as a board, though he was determined to walk on his own. He knew it would not go well for him if he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t carry his own weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a step and shuddered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 might}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be able to hobble.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then make your way into the rock.\u8221\'94 He reached down and grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s left arm. His gigantic fingers encircled the bicep a whole half over. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you try to walk. Evil would make itself a burden.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With Mandri steadied, Ayram let go, and the giant moved to retrieve the last items from the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pile. He then stomped off towards Minting Rock, leaving Mandri to get acquainted with the thirty yards of sand between himself and that enormous black egg that housed this plucky Outland band.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hopped a few steps. His left leg couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear even the slightest weight. It felt like his knee was splintered, like white shards of bone were stabbing into the meat of his thigh. But it was not a great distance, so he soldiered on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As he went he thought of the Solitants and their sacred tortures. He wondered if they had a word for the particular arc of pain that a demon bite inflicts. He wondered what this pain would do to him, what kind of man it would make him if he toughed it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked out at the empty Sand and recalled a heretical painting titled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Oneness with the Divine\u8217\'92. It depicted a flayed Solitant lying on a rack, his skin completely unwrapped from his body, his bare anatomy exposed to desert just like the one that stretched out before him. This mortification was a ritual performed by only the most schismatic of adherents. They were men and women who did not want to craft the Self; they tried instead to destroy it. This particular ritual was an attempt to confront the \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92 with the truth that there was no edge between itself and the rest of reality. The motivating logic was as crude as the operation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 removing the skin removes the Self\u8217\'92s most illusive boundary. With the skin gone, the conceit is laid bare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No doubt the ecstasy depicted in that Solitant's face was put there by the artist. It was not possible that a person could remain conscious through such an ordeal. And more, Mandri refused to accept that a ritual flensing could lead a person to righteousness. What kind of a world would he be living in if that were true? Such a place could only be called Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He made it into the shadow of Minting Rock and pressed his hand against the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cold belly. He pushed as hard as he could. He didn\u8217\'92t expect to be able to push it over, but he had to satisfy his curiosity. It really did seem that if he stood there long enough the rock would roll over and squish him like a bug. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut into the earth at the base of the rock was a hole that looked far too much like a giant drag-belly den. As there was no other way but down, he hitched on. This dark and cramped tunnel led him into a dead end of undressed stone stacked haphazardly like an old goatherd's fence. Above him, high up, was a circle of daylight. It seemed as if he were at the bottom of a dried-up well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From above, a voice shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab the rope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fumbled about in the darkness and his hand stumbled upon a rope. He took several deep breaths to battle the pain, then he held on tight as he was hauled up into the stomach of Minting Rock.}}