{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri-720\sl312\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The garden holds a sacred place in Solitant cosmology, and so every person who wants to appear distinguished has one. Since Mandri grew up amongst these well-adjusted persons, he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d seen his fair share of gardens. He\u8217\'92d walked under the royal palms of Skinee, and he\u8217\'92d nearly drowned in the terraced falls of Luzee. He\u8217\'92d seen every garden that people brag about seeing, but none of these sights compared to Salavan\u8217\'92s garden, for everyone else\u8217\'92s garden was a thirsty greenscape, accented here and there by vibrant splashes of flower and fruit and split in half by the glow of the atmosphere reflecting off the surface of some placid stream or artificial lake. Salavan\u8217\'92s garden was a garden of stone. Mandri had never heard of a garden composed entirely of curated stone. When he stepped through Salavan\u8217\'92s gate and onto a plane of bone-white pebbles, he gasped.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi720\ri-720\sl312\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a true garden. It obeyed all the rules a young artist learns when scribbling out compositions for clients. First and foremost is to establish a hierarchy of form\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 if there are stones they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to come in different sizes\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 big, medium, and small\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and they\u8217\'92re to be arranged in such a way so as to draw the eye, or in this case, a person, through a maze of perception and towards what is important. It was about contrast. Most rules of thumb in art have to do with manipulating contrast. Sharp against soft. Dark against light. Many against few. Big against little. Here, a rippling sea of smooth white pebbles bounced up against jagged knots of gray granite, granite which grew in size towards the center of this snow-white field of stone. In the very center stood a towering spike of Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t believe his eyes. Outside of the Jeket\u8217\'92s cavern temples, he\u8217\'92d only seen tiny fragments of Fabled Black in satin lined boxes, resting on pillows, shielded by glass. Here was a sharp obelisk of it, and it was as tall and as wide as any of the four-story sandstone columns that held up the roof of the great mansion behind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fabled Black. The skewering stone. A shard of the firmament. The quintessence of night. If it were a tree, and the pebbles, grass, and the granite were bushes, it all would have been too deliberate\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a stilted garden, devoid of the dynamism and spontaneity one sees in Nature. But this was a god-killing stone, and so the stasis, the absence of life, that was the point.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked right up to this black obelisk. He saw his own reflection in its surface sheen split by streaks of rain. He looked worse than he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d ever been\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 eyes red and witless, face gaunt and sallow, lips cracked, and his sodden hair clung too tight to his meatless skull. He looked like death. Perhaps everyone who looked into the depths of Fabled Black looked like death.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lamented the absence of his burgeon beer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice rose out of the ether behind him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The stone makes the most wondrous pigment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri spun around, and standing five feet behind him was a massive man who stood two heads taller than himself, and he had a barrel of a chest was easily thrice the size of Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s own. The man\u8217\'92s great bulk was draped in a white silk robe, and his face was Jandrian through and through\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 high cheeks, a strong brow, and narrow eyes. The only outlier was his hair, for he had no beard, and instead of the usual scruff of Jandri black, it was as white as his robe, or the rocks underneath his feet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t look like a demon, though Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t be sure, for he\u8217\'92d long lost his burgeon beer, and without its aid his burgeonsight was dimming. Nothing was twisting the man\u8217\'92s genteel airs. He looked so prim and proper because he kept his great bulk out of the rain through the use of a tiny, black-lacquered umbrella.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This large man looked past Mandri towards the obelisk and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It makes a black that rivals the crow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dared to sneak a look behind at the spire of Fabled Black. He wanted to ask how this man had come into possession of such a thing, and why he dared to keep it outdoors. A spire of Fabled Black like this must be worth a mountain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am Salavan,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93And you are the great Mandrameen. I love your work. I was hoping that, some day, you would find your way to my door, and here you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri spread his arms out wide to present himself, but he did not speak, as he was afraid his voice would squeak.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan walked up to the stone and set his meaty hand upon the spike of Fabled Black, caressing it as if it were a prized horse.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is incredible isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Yet it is only a small sliver of the comet which buried Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Curiosity got the best of Mandri, and he asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How did you get it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bribery,\u8221\'94 Salavan said proudly. \u8220\'93Provisions for the smuggling alone cost me thirty-five silver strings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan grimaced at the air of judgment in Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice. He said, \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t steal it, boy, I paid for it. So what if that money went to poorer people than it was supposed to. In truth, my acquiring of this stone was an act of charity\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 charity for the people who moved it, and charity for the thing itself. A stone such as this belongs in a place of prominence, not shuttered away in some dirty Jeketian cave. Here it is out in the air, where it belongs. You can touch it if you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, there\u8217\'92s no need.\u8221\'94 Salavan pulled his hand away from the rock. \u8220\'93Merely being in its presence is enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fabled Black was notorious for its aura of gloom. A small shard of it could make the happiest child feel chill and rotten. Here in such quantity, that feeling crept down to the bone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan followed Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze and said, \u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it strange that everything that falls from the sky should radiate sadness? Rain makes me sad, and so does this stone. Either the heavens are a void of a despair and these elemental things are infused with it, or this earth is a supremely disappointing place, and so things cast down upon it radiate a longing to be somewhere else.\u8221\'94 He turned to Mandri and said, \u8220\'93Would you say that\u8217\'92s what you feel right now? A longing to be somewhere else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You could say that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be so glib. Consider\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 wouldn\u8217\'92t the rain prefer to dance in the clouds? Wouldn\u8217\'92t this stone rather gird the stars than be stuck here in the ground? I think so. You see, the Black is alive. In a very real sense, it is alive, and I can\u8217\'92t wait to show you what it can do. Would you like to see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan spared Mandri a beneficent smile. His teeth were as white as Pell\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s. They did not sparkle, for some strange force\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 perhaps the stone, or the long march up the hill, or Salavan himself\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 was pushing the burgeons out of Mandri\u8217\'92s sight and his mind back into sobriety. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a choice, do I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What gave you that idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I take it you\u8217\'92re familiar with the old witch, Pell?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pell said that if I didn\u8217\'92t come and see you, she would kill me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She said exactly that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And here you are, seeing me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then you have fulfilled that obligation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was stunned by the cold sense of it. But it was too simple, too legalistic. A demon-witch wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t the kind of creature to care about the strict definitions of words. It wasn\u8217\'92t enough to simply see the man, there was something more he was supposed to do here. He imagined Pell ripping out his innards as he screamed, \u8220\'93But I did what you said, I saw him!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 can I call you Mandri? Mandri, I won\u8217\'92t have this }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 tension}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  in my house. You are safe here, and you are free to leave at any time. Or, if you are at all curious about what may lay in store for you, then say it, and we shall find it out together.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan chuckled and his great bulk chuckled along with him. He said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I am aware. Would you like to come inside?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded, but Salavan scowled back. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Assert yourself,\u8221\'94 he said brusquely. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t have any of this meekness in my house. Stand up straight if you can. Sol\u8217\'92s light. You look like you were born yesterday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan scrunched up his big round face and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not much better, but it will have to do. Come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Salavan skirted around Mandri and past the spike of Fabled Black. The way he moved, it was dainty and deliberate, completely at odds with his massive size. He was careful to keep the hem of his robe out of any puddles, and his umbrella was so small that he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t walk at stride without the rain splashing his legs\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 so he shuffled across his stone yard, looking to Mandri like a great white pig tiptoeing its way through a briar patch. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri followed, and once he was under the roof of the mansion\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s grand portico, Salavan gave him a patronizing look of concern.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re soaked,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93A towel and a change of clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan clapped his hands and a servant boy rushed from the small servant\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s door, carrying a towel and a white linen tunic. Mandri was dried and fitted with the knee-length tunic, then he and Salavan proceeded inside.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you like my home?\u8221\'94 Salavan said. \u8220\'93It cost me fifty silver strings to import the lumber to burn the lime for the plaster, and that was just for the outer wall. This interior, the plaster, the paints, that cost\u8230\'85well, I don\u8217\'92t want to go on and on about expenses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan gave a smug and self-aware smile.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was the house extravagant? Yes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was it impressive? Mandri didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think so.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unlike the garden outside, the place met expectations. Mandri could have been standing inside any number of the miniature palaces that scabbed the Hrkan world. Tall arched ceilings. Wide halls. Skinny walls. Sparsely decorated. Everything painted white. No lamps, or torches, for fear that the soot might stain that whiteness. Only natural light, Solraheen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s light, was allowed in. Today that natural light was a rainy gray that didn\u8217\'92t do much to illuminate the vast interior. It was dark, and stark, and empty\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 again, not unusual, in fact it was desired, for the dull whiteness of everything was a religious expression of sorts. White is the most sacred color\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 white for the all-white spark. True white does not exist in the material world, save for the glow of Solraheen\u8217\'92s body. Hrkan tradition claims that it is a pious thing to strive for pure whiteness. The ostentation of color was to be abhorred, unless it was bounded by a frame, in which case it was encouraged. Art, painting, these were sacred things, but they must be contained for it was said that Solraheen would refuse to dwell in a place that presumed to escape the bounds of being a mere created thing. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It might seem that the quest for piety would be at odds with extravagant games the rich play to prove their wealth, and thus, their superiority, but instead of humbling them, the cleanliness, the whiteness, the starkness, these became the rules of their competition. If one is only allowed to have nothing, then the question becomes, how much nothing could one man accumulate? The height of the ceiling becomes a measure of how much emptiness he could afford to horde. Judge the floor\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the richer man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s floor bears nothing, not even dirt, such that a truly rich man could afford to employ a person or persons to always be wiping away the filth tramped in from the street. Salavan\u8217\'92s floor was as white as the sway-away ceiling, and as he and Mandri walked along barefoot, a girl was crawling behind on her hands and knees with a bowl of water and a brush, scrubbing away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do you find my home?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very clean,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, careful to disguise his bitterness.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Perhaps you will find my gallery stimulating. I\u8217\'92ve some pieces here that you won\u8217\'92t see anywhere else\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 but that goes without saying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Any of those stolen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The accusation put a hitch in Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s step, and he seemed a little too eager to show amusement.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93None of them are stolen. Aside from that shard of Fabled Black, I\u8217\'92ve acquired everything I own through perfectly legal means. I even have something of yours here. One of your best works, I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Spare me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be modest, Mandri. I won\u8217\'92t have falseness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan clapped his hands and another servant came forth from some narrow orifice, carrying a shallow bowl lined with finger-length wraps of freeweed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If paintings aren\u8217\'92t your pleasure, how about a wrap?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri declined, and Salavan seemed genuinely surprised. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are remarkably lucid,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You do have that hopeless look about you, but I supposed that was, you know, the general malaise of the indigent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan selected a wrap for himself, put it in a pocket inside his robe, and waved the servant away. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We shall skip the freeweed, and perhaps we\u8217\'92ll skip the gallery tour for another time, you came here for a purpose, after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93About that,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I can tell you right now that I\u8217\'92m not a\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan stopped him mid-sentence with a polite wave of his hand. He said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot tell me anything. I should say that I know more about you than you know about yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A thing to know about me, Mandri\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 I am straightforward and I do not lie because lying wastes time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s my mother\u8217\'92s name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan sneered and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t pollute my mind with such trifles. The knowledge I have is more fundamental. Do you know a lizard\u8217\'92s mother\u8217\'92s name? No. Do you know more about a lizard than it knows about itself? Yes. Believe me when I say that you and every other dim-witted Spark don\u8217\'92t understand the first thing about what you truly are.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sighed. Salavan was no demon king, just another religious kook. A rich one. He wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if he\u8217\'92d rather prefer the demon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can see that you are going to need it explained. Come. We must study at least one piece of art. Come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan led Mandri through a series of rooms, each with a ceiling higher than the one before. Common to the fashion of the Hrkan elite, what few furnishings there were, were muted. If there was a table, it was carved from a rough, pale sandstone. If there was a chair, its legs were simple, sanded branches, and its seat was woven reed. If there was a tapestry, it was devoid of color and image, for its purpose was to be a frame for the faded subtleties of Solraheen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s light, which at present was cold and dark, blueish-gray.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually, Salavan led him into a cavernous room that had a circular cutout in its roof. A light rain suffused with sunlight streamed down through this hole to pitter-patter in a shallow rainwater pool on the floor. All edges of the room were laden with pillows upon pillows for comfort, all white with white tassels and stuffed inside ivory lace pillow cases.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On the other side of the column of rain was fresco that spanned the entirety of the wall. It was this to which Salavan had set his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a magnificent work of art in skill and in subject. It depicted Solraheen at the very moment of His victory\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 He was stretched out, as if flying, and his face wore a beatific smile, clearly pleased with the sight of his sword as He plunged it into His brother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Schisol\u8217\'92s\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 back. In the classic Hrkan style, Solraheen was pure white, and Schisol was an ashy black. The army of people surrounding them were cast in every color imaginable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is my favorite piece.\u8221\'94 Salavan said contentedly. \u8220\'93For sentimental reasons, mostly. It has so much behind it, if you know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93See this yellow, isn\u8217\'92t it beautiful?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was pointing to the golden rays which emanated out from Solraheen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head. It truly was a fantastic yellow, extraordinarily vibrant, as if it had been painted on mere moments ago.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you guess the pigment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This yellow, it comes from the Gabo cow. Incredibly expensive. The most wasteful pigment imaginable. To make enough for this fresco I had to buy three men to care for fifty cows. I had to put them on a strict diet, the cows. They couldn\u8217\'92t eat anything but this little squeaking bug, called a zuberant. They look like locusts, but they are the thickness of your thumb, well, my thumb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They come in hives so they aren\u8217\'92t expensive. You make a paste out of them and feed this paste to the cows, and you have to stuff their bellies full all at once. That means you have to starve them a bit so they take to that bug-paste like dogs to the bone. Then you have to time the next step just right, because you see, this radiant pigment comes from the chyme of the cow\u8217\'92s third stomach, so you have to be precise with the cutting. You have wait until the chyme extrudes into that stomach, not the first or second stomach, the third stomach, and that\u8217\'92s when you cut open the beast and harvest as much of this yellow chyme as you can. Then, you dry it out into a powder, and that is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Once you have the powder, you can sell the meat. But I don\u8217\'92t sell the meat. I let it rot in the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because it feels\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Salavan waved his hand in the air as if to catch the words that could accurately describe what he was thinking. \u8220\'93It feels weighty to have killed a herd of beasts for the explicit purpose of painting my wall. Doesn\u8217\'92t Solraheen look radiant? And now that you know fifty cows died to make it seem so, doesn\u8217\'92t that make the fresco take on a more\u8230\'85Oh, I can\u8217\'92t find the words! It\u8217\'92s wonderful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t do anything for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s round face lit up and he laughed. \u8220\'93Hah! It doesn\u8217\'92t do anything, does it! Maybe not. It is only a color after all. It is what it is, doesn\u8217\'92t matter where it came from. Yet the image is fine, no? The quality of the painting is sublime, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be flippant, Mandri. It is beautiful. This is Ellag\u8217\'92s hand. I trust you are familiar with her work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know, she\u8217\'92s here. Would you like to see her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not really, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Unfortunate, because seeing her is the first step in our journey. I trust Pell told you what this is all about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Something about a prophecy and a god who doesn\u8217\'92t exist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She didn\u8217\'92t tell you which god?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I shouldn\u8217\'92t be surprised. People tend to overreact when I tell them who I truly worship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And who is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan pointed again to the fresco, to the face of the black god being stabbed by Solraheen. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I worship Schisol,\u8221\'94 he said, and there was none of his usual blustering self in this proclamation. This was true and honest, even desperate belief.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You worship the evil one?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol is not evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri studied the fresco for a moment\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Schisol\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shrieking face was a stark contrast to Solraheen\u8217\'92s resplendence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He looks evil to me,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, well, I must keep up appearances. Imagine a Hrkan prince striding into my hall and discovering me to be a heretic. That would be the end of me, wouldn\u8217\'92t it? To defend the good, we Schisolun must cloak ourselves in Solitant ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You defend the good?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we are on the side of good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pell ripped out Gil\u8217\'92s stomach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who is Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My ox.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is evil about that? Have you never chewed on a slab of tripe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She didn\u8217\'92t eat the stomach. She ate his Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s brows raised.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You mustn\u8217\'92t judge her, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I saw what I saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I do not deny what you saw, but you did not }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 understand}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what you saw. Pell was not consuming that spark for sustenance. It is amazing how a shameless twist of truth written down a few thousand years ago can become a foundational pillar of belief. It goes right down to the core of it. Even the story of how Schisol was trapped inside Solraheen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach before Solraheen brought the Fabled Black down upon them both is a lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92ve been to Jeket. Did they let you see Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85but I know He\u8217\'92s there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He is there, yes, crushed under that colossal shard of Fabled Black. But unlike you, I have been allowed into the caves, and I have glimpsed His face, and I\u8217\'92ll tell you, He did not look pleased with His situation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why would He be pleased? His body bears the weight of the world just to keep Schisol from escaping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you should see what the Hrkan Lords do to Him, Mandri. They inundate his air with deadening fumes. They carve slivers from his regenerative flesh to fuel their abominations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You mean the Mazydai?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I mean abominations. Think of it, Mandri, if it weren\u8217\'92t for the power of the Mazydai which has been pulled from the flesh of Solraheen, the Hrks would never have conquered the outland tribes. This story that you\u8217\'92ve heard, that Solraheen called forth a stone of night from the sky to entomb Himself and His brother\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 well it is simple and neat, but is it the truth? No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan put his fat finger up on the fresco and poked he Schisol\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, right where Soloraheen\u8217\'92s sword burst forth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A click sounded from under the floor, and a square of stone levered open to reveal a narrow stairway descending into darkness. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Before we head down, I must demand from you your utmost commitment. I, unlike the Solitants, value honesty, so my good character compels me to warn you that there is a chance\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a chance\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that as we attempt to divine your role in the divine plan, you will die. It\u8217\'92s only a chance, and a small one at that. I want you to consider the thought before you join me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan hiked up the hem of his robe, and disappeared down into the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared down into that inky blackness, and not a thought went through his head. He must have stared for quite a while, because Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoed up, saying, \u8220\'93I said consider the thought, not inhabit it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As Mandri stepped down the stairs, a servant girl bustled out from some narrow passage and closed the hatch behind him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the bottom of the stairs was a short tunnel, and at the end of this tunnel was a cramped room. In this room, set up against the far wall, was a fire in a bronze brazier. There were three wooden chairs. Sitting in one of them was a person draped in a sheet. Sitting in the chair next to it, was Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look so pale, Mandri. I told you not to come down here if you weren\u8217\'92t committed. You\u8217\'92re came, and now you\u8217\'92re }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 here\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 d}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 o you understand?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took the remaining seat, across from Salavan and the veiled stranger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan pulled the wrap of freeweed from his pocket, and he lit it in the brazier\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s flames. He puffed it thrice to get it going.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So!\u8221\'94 he said as he slapped his leg to capture Mandri\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Are you the Eunuch Painter? The Painted Eunuch? Infertile ground. Or is it simply, the painter who doesn\u8217\'92t want to be a painter? You\u8217\'92d be surprised about how many of those we find.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan puffed on his wrap.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri simply sat there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are your wits here, Mandri? Are you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 here}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Use your voice. Assert yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cleared his throat and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As I\u8217\'92ve said already, it is possible that you could die. Ellag died. I keep her around for the purpose of demonstration, and I think her presence will help put you into the right frame of mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Ellag?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s chair creaked as he laid back into it. He blew a puff of smoke out the side of his mouth, as if the smoke could go anywhere in this cramped room. Between the freeweed and the fire, Mandri was having a hard time finding a clean breath.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan crossed his tree-trunk legs and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, Mandri, what do you think Art is? If you could define it. Define Art.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered what Salavan was playing at.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Art is whatever you want it to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be coy, Mandri. This is important. You must be eased into the right frame of mind before we move on to weightier things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I just don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s an interesting question, and I\u8217\'92m more concerned about what\u8217\'92s under that sheet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that why you don\u8217\'92t want to paint anymore, you think it\u8217\'92s uninteresting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93More or less.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Which is it, more, or less? Be specific. You\u8217\'92ve spent too much time in front of an easel not to have some idea of what it is that you are doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I make pretty pictures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan rolled his eyes and took a long drag from his wrap. He held the smoke in his great big chest, and when he finally exhaled, his round shoulders slumped like the essence life was leaving him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You think Art is merely a word,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You think that it\u8217\'92s a label that people slap onto things for utility.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then say something. I\u8217\'92m trying to help you avoid ending up like Ellag here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan puts his arm around Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder and gave her body a friendly shake. Her sheeted head rolled limply and then settled into the crook of Salavan\u8217\'92s shoulder as if she were looking to cuddle. As she did, the sheet pulled taught over her face, and as it did, a smear of blood welled up to stain the fibers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan narrowed his eyes and glared at Mandrameen. The air between them swirled with the smoke. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the god-damned question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is she dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course she\u8217\'92s dead. Answer the question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What was the question?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan sighed, then he steadied Ellag back onto her own chair so that he could lean forward and free his hands for explanation. He said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ellag thought that art was about the artist. A person goes out into the world and has some incredible experience\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 like you\u8217\'92re having now. It changes them in some important, fundamental way. They are a different person because of it. They look at the world differently. But how could any of their friends or family know that any of this has occurred? The change is internal. It is not written on the skin. There\u8217\'92s no new sparkle in the eye. Their behavior might be different, but that will never communicate the depth of what is going on inside the mind. Consider a woman crying\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 for what reason does she cry? She tells you her child has died, but you\u8217\'92ve never had a child, Mandri, so how could you understand? This is the problem which Art purports to solve. A work of art is an attempt to break through that impenetrable barrier between our minds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not one word of that made it to Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ear. He was too focused on how excited Salavan was to speak. The man was so wrapped up in his words, and in the freeweed\u8217\'92s smoke, that Mandri wondered if he could make a dash for the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Ellag thought. She thought that art is a thing an artist does to let everyone else to know what\u8217\'92s going on inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded along.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does that make sense?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s very sentimental.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it? Sentimental, yes, that would be a word for it. Unfortunately, it is completely and utterly wrong. Look how wrong it can be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan bent down, grabbed the foot of Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sheet, and in one quick flourish, he flipped it over the back of her chair to reveal her corpse.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her dead head bobbed and settled, and as it did a trickle of blood dripped out of the empty sockets that had once held her eyes. The belly of her tunic had been ripped apart, while the belly itself had been carved open with surgical care\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 skin folded back like a book to reveal a cavity under her ribs. The firelight flickered inside. Mandri could see her spine. She was hollowed out. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Steady, Mandri. Steady yourself\u8230\'85 Now, looking at Ellag, you might be wondering what I am attempting to communicate with this work of art. You might suppose that I think that I am the artist, and that this,\u8221\'94 he put his hand on Ellag\u8217\'92s skull and twisted it about in a perverse display of puppetry. \u8220\'93This is me communicating to you in a way that lets you experience, in a profound way, who I am and what it\u8217\'92s like to be me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He let go of Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and it slumped down onto her collarbone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But that would be a misunderstanding. Consider this\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 why isn\u8217\'92t speech, casual, conversational speech like we\u8217\'92re having now, why isn\u8217\'92t that considered to be Art? I am manipulating my throat, tongue, teeth, and lips to shape a string of sounds for you to experience. Sentences are things that can break down that barrier between our minds, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At this point the freeweed was having its way with Salavan. His arm\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gesticulations were growing frenetic. He cut the air with a slicing hand and said, \u8220\'93No. I am not an artist. I am many things, but I am not an artist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a murderer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a murderer, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan took another big drag from his freeweed. The room was so small, and the smoke was so thick, that Mandri supposed it was getting to him too.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Actually,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93that\u8217\'92s not true, I am a murderer. But I think you\u8217\'92re referring to Ellag, here. I did not kill Ellag. She died because she thought painting was about the artist. She thought that the painter was important. Like you, she thought far too much of herself.\u8221\'94 He was now churning his words in the air with his free hand, as if mixing his musings with the smoke would bring out some flavor of the truth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re insane,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you should say that. Ellag was never able to make that step. She was too\u8230\'85she was }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 too wrapped up in herself}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Frightened.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 He leaned forward a little in his seat. \u8220\'93See, if you look into the dark when you\u8217\'92re frightened, you\u8217\'92re bound to see frightening things.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan made an explosion with his fingers, pretending to burst his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Her eyes exploded?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They did. It was fascinating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about her stomach?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. That was me. All done after the fact, I assure you. Pell wanted to query the girl\u8217\'92s stomach. But we shouldn\u8217\'92t get distracted. I think you are about where you need to be.\u8221\'94 He poked these words with his wrap of freeweed, shaking a clump of ash free from the glowing tip.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan eyed his wrap with some concern, then stood, set it gently down onto the corner of his seat, and moseyed over to the corner of the room hidden by Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. He bent down and picked up a huge square stone slab which was as black as the darkness in which it sat. Salavan struggled with it for a moment, then propped it up against his thighs and waddled it over. He set it down carefully at Mandri\u8217\'92s feet, and then he shuffled back into the dark to fetch three three clay jars. He set these down next to the black stone panel. In each jar was black paint.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan pulled from his robe a paintbrush. Its handle was short, half as long as Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s forearm\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 short, at least, compared to the length of the brush\u8217\'92s head, which was about the same length. It looked more like a miniature whip than a paintbrush. Salavan handed it to Mandri and said, \u8220\'93I want you to use these paints to paint a picture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think about what you are painting. Don\u8217\'92t give yourself that privilege. Don\u8217\'92t think about what should or shouldn\u8217\'92t be. You need to simply start painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to figure things out as I go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No. No. Don\u8217\'92t figure anything out. You are merely a tool. True art creates itself. It is reckoned with on its own terms. It is its own experience. It communicates nothing but what it is. You kneel here\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94 Salavan rubbed the floor in front of Mandri with his foot. \u8220\'93And you become the tool by which the work creates itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri squinted in confusion. None of that made a lick of sense. If he thought about nothing, then he would paint nothing. Even if he wanted to paint something, it would be hopeless, because in this dim light he wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to see what he was doing. And there were only the three black paints to put on a black slab of rock.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan sat back down, and the sheer weight of him plopping onto his too-small chair disturbed Ellag\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse and she slumped forward over her knees. Her limp wrists smacked onto the floor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri decided he better get it over with. If swirled some paint on the rock, then maybe Salavan would let him leave.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He knelt down and thought about what he should do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With no palette, the stone itself would have to be the palette. It wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like he was going to run into trouble mixing paints if the only color was black. One by one one, he picked up the clay jars and, trembling, he poured their contents onto the stone surface. The only difference between these paints, it seemed, was their viscosity. The first paint came out of its jar in a clump. It slopped onto the stone like a sandy gel. Mandri could see little granules of Fabled Black sparkling in the firelight. The next paint was a clean, syrupy goo that drizzled out of the jar. The last paint was so thin that he had to be careful pouring it out, lest it splash all over the place. Thankfully, the surface of the stone was ever so slightly bowled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri was done with all this, he cast a side-eyed glance at Salavan to see if the man approved of what he was doing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan glared back and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me, look at the work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s breathing grew nervy, and the smoke and the air was stifling. He wiped a bead of sweat from his brow, but that was as futile an act as painting with all black because the room's heat had become unbearable. He studied the black-slathered stone and tried to find the specific something he was supposed to do, that certain behavior that Salavan was surely looking for. He knew if he didn\u8217\'92t do it, he wouldn\u8217\'92t be allowed to leave.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What should he paint?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What could he possibly paint with black on top of black on top of black?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He poked the long-haried brush into the sandy gel and spread it around. It did not mix with the other paints, it pushed right through them, and the thinner paints in turn flooded into the grooves left by the brush\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s passing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sat back on his heels and studied the whorl he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d made. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He noticed how the sheen of the orange firelight played with the different paints. It would stick softly to the fine grained gel, it would stipple the syrupy fluid, and it hardly touched the thinnest paint. Wherever the thinnest paint pooled, the image was truly black.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri began to push and pull the paints around to build an image out of the light, as a sculptor might build an image out of shadows. He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t much care about what he was making, the brush hairs were too long and too limp to be too deliberate.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What was he making?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Black pools welled up like the hollows of human eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A face, why not?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A stripe of shadow for the upper lip.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mound up the gel to bring out the cheeks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was coming along.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A long and powerful face.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri swirled the brush around in an eye socket, trying to find an eye.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, there it was, an eye of firelight.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It blinked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri startled backwards in fright. He quickly gathered his wits and peered disbelievingly down at that fire-flickering eye.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thinnest stream of black ran down below the upper lip, opening the mouth, drawing Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eye.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was there a tongue in there? A black snake of a tongue glinting in the back of the throat?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes. There it was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see this?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, but no response came.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked up to see what Salavan was doing, but Salavan was not there. Neither was the dead woman. Neither were the chairs, or the walls, or the room\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 there was only Mandri, the fire, the face, and the void.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, the face began to extrude up out of the stone, dripping in Fabled Black. Mandri scrambled backwards on all fours.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the black head was fully in the round it tilted down to stare at Mandri. Its eyes were a rainbow fire and its gaze consumed him. Mandri could feel his Spark tug against his stomach, as if it were being pulled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He screamed, but no sound came out. Courage swelled up in his lungs and he ran towards the head and kicked it as hard as he could. The moment his toes made contact with being\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s nose, an unseen pressure grasped at Mandri\u8217\'92s throat, like a pair of strangling hands, and yanked him out of the void.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri opened his eyes again, he was stunned to see that he was back in Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s basement. It was Salavan\u8217\'92s hands on his throat, and it was Salavan\u8217\'92s face hovering over his own.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What did you see?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked as he shook Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s brow was pouring with sweat. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I saw\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 I saw a face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan studied the painted slab, then muttered a single, breathless word\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I kicked it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salvan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You did WHAT!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrank back against Salvan's angry spittle and tried to pull himself free from his grip. Salvan was too strong. He roared and threw his great weight upon Mandri, and as soon as Mandri was pinned against the ground, Salvan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s meaty hands began to squeeze his throat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s throat collapsed under the pressure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hold still, Mandrameen! Hold still!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan jabbed his elbow into Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach and leaned his great weight into it, squeezing the air from Mandri\u8217\'92s lungs. Tears streamed down Mandri\u8217\'92s face and his chest burned in agony.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s plump smile savored every desperate wheeze.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I knew it wasn\u8217\'92t you the moment I saw you,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few juddering moments later, and Mandrameen was dead.}}