{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  As day progressed the canyon shadows grew black and the brilliant blue of the sky overhead dimmed into purpler hues. It was near the golden hour when their path led up a steep rise and emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri turned and admired the distance covered and was startled to see a bewildering maze of canyon cracks that stretched out for miles before fading into the dark rift of the Pass. They had made it out in one piece. They had made it to the home of the Greskalun\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Shulgi, a sanctuary, a structure at once a building and a mountain, at once a fat, flat-topped chunk of natural stone and a richly ornamented temple whose walls were embossed with geometric patterns composed of simple shapes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 circles, diamonds, squares, and triangles, and these shapes joined together to roughly resemble faces\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval the size of two-floor building demarcated the edges of a fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gape, and the nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a hawk, and the beak of the hawk was the tooth of the fox and also the nose of a snarling demon. It was patterns inside of patterns, lines inside of lines. And one must crane the neck to look up at it, for Shulgi was set on top of a sloping hill of rock rubble, rubble laid down by both the despoiling hands, time and humanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had never seen its like in a painting. All the monumental wonders of humanity get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights Shulgi should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of the outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered serve well to heighten the glory of the conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the crown of crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s even after accounting for the effects of the bewitching evening sun whose amber rays made the structure seem to burst in flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Hrkan Lords did not know of it. If they did, they would have swept away the Greskalun a long time ago, and if they learned of it now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a much easier time of it because the building was a hollow husk. Above the graven faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall were rows of mullioned arches, each as empty of candlelight as the next. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a pretty lizard woman. But the air was silent save for the whistling wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto jogged past Mandri to take up his rightful place at the head of the Ayramless file. He led them all up the well-trodden slope to the foot of a long flight of stairs that led up to the temple entrance. These were troublesome stairs and there were at least a hundred of them, and they were steep and every step had to be dealt with on its own terms for they each had their own unique slump from the wear of ages. They looked more like layers of melted wax than stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Three steps up and Mandri noticed a dark stain climbing up the stairs with him as he went. He guessed that up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be a number of other substances. Perfumed wine, red berry brine, or ink. It could be slurried excrement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a temple that large had to have drainage somewhere, though yes, it would be odd that they\u8217\'92d have it running out the front door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But he knew it was blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course it was blood. There were demons about and no people where people were expected to be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it had to be blood. Blood had the most explanatory power. It explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under skin, it explained why his knees trembled and why, as he crested the final stair and stepped onto the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forecourt, why he felt the urge to flee. Then his eyes alighted on the temple entrance, which itself had been sculpted in that curvilinear language into the head of a viper. It\u8217\'92s fangs were similarly stained by that dark substance, leading Mandri to wonder if the building itself had eaten the Greskalun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They crossed the pillared court at decent clip. Moto drew his sword as if he were about to do battle with the building itself. He stopped before crossing the threshold, he peered inside, then drew away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll wait for Ayram somewhere else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scoffed at the suggestion, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going back down,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I climbed up these steps and I\u8217\'92ll be damned if I don\u8217\'92t stick my head in and see what\u8217\'92s happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly. \u8220\'93Ayram said that we should only wait inside the temple if it was empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was a step ahead of her, already striking sparks of flint onto a bundle of torch sticks that Purl was holding. The dried resin caught flame quickly, and soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of black smoke swirling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto yanked the torch out of Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram put me in charge,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet sneered and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take charge of your wits and march yourself inside. Or you can run away and explain to Ayram why you left his witch all alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stewed in a wordless anger. Composed himself, and thrust the torch into the temple interior. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon he did, a swarm of bats screeched in the darkness and took flight. Their wingbeats battered the torch smoke as they swirled out of the viper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth. The bats swerved along the temple wall and then disappeared back into some unseen hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet snarled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you a little big to be scared of bats?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more than bats in there and you know it,\u8221\'94 Moto declared. \u8220\'93It smells too foul to be empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 said Purl. \u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you would know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto held his torch aloft and stepped into the temple. Everyone filtered in behind. Mandri made sure he was last to enter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a barge, and thrice as long. The torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dugout into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit that was filled to the brim with white ash. Wind and time had swept some of this ash around the room, with trails of it sprinkling the nearby columns and frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing the Ayramun, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto waved his torch back and forth. The man did not move. Moto shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello there!\u8221\'94, but his words echoed unheard around the room. The figure, robed in green and splattered in ash, sat slumped, arms folded into his robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible flesh was his bald, ash splattered head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably dead,\u8221\'94 marked Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92 to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet held out her hand towards Moto and made a grasping motion, requesting the torch. Moto handed it over, and with it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light leading the way, she hobbled towards the mysterious figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He must\u8217\'92ve been eating mice,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he kicked a the small spine that was lying on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or bats,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that Mandri knew they were there, he was noticing the scattered remains of creatures all over the place\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, perhaps foxes, mice, and plenty of beetle shells too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet broke the stunned silence when she waddled up to that cross-legged figure and poked him hard with her staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man fell onto his side. The thud of his impact kicked up a cloud of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is indeed dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared. \u8220\'93And he is a not a man, or not wholly a man, I should say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She bent down and rubbed the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe in between her fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93This is the raiment of Greskal\u8217\'92s prince. Is that what you are, do you think? Are you young Greskaleen, or a scrounger with a stolen robe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inquisitive demeanor gave Mandri the courage to carry himself into the room. His feet were glad to be on smooth, flat stone, and he was glad to be \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a distinction that he forgot existed after spending so long wandering in the wilderness. So what if there were dead bats and a dead body? So what if there were demons lurking in the shadows? It was good to flaunt these ominous things because if he didn\u8217\'92t, he\u8217\'92d probably faint. He wanted desperately to steel himself against the fear because he\u8217\'92d noticed a faint golden glimmer in the back of the room. He walked towards, and his wish came true, there was indeed, at the back of the entrance hall, shining faintly in the torch\u8217\'92s dancing light, an enormous golden statue of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As far as statues of the Most Favored go, this one was a rare Old Jandri from where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a form outlawed by Hrk for this was sacrilegious to suggest that He did not belong to Jeket. Here, His golden skin is smooth and His body featureless. His face is round, alive, and enlightened. His pose is rigid as a board, as if someone who had never sat before had the act described to them in a dream. The Hrks would later give Solraheen the muscles of a hero and the natural bearing of a Hrkan Lord being crowned, but Mandri preferred this older style. It was less tied to reality. It was more primitive and therefore more true. And it was huge, at least ten feet tall. Where most closet Solraheens were inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, this Solraheen sat out in the open, and his seat was a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a beautiful sight. No doubt the source of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s newfound serenity. None of it glittered as brightly as Mandrameen might have wanted, for a thin layer of dust dulled its luster, and some of that fire-lorn ash had speckled His cheek. While all that was a shame, it could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. But what could not be forgiven was the fact that, instead of a clean and warm amber glow, Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden skin darkly mottled, tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri winced at such impiety. Pure gold cannot tarnish, and so this meant that the Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals. No wonder Solraheen did not deliver them from their suffering. And worse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 standing by Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left foot were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine. Now, he could not say for certain what this urine was for, but there was a narrative proximity here which couldn\u8217\'92t be ignored. Surely\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 surely the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller statue,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 croaked Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pointed to the statue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s tarnished,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not pure gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, swogglebottom. The good Lord does not care about gold. What He really cares about is this man here,\u8221\'94 she poked the dead man again with her cane, \u8220\'93And that poor thing there.\u8221\'94 She pointed with the torch to a dark lump sitting not ten feet away from Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri jump back and gasped. The round lump lurking in the shadows had an ear. It had a mop of dark hair. It was the back of a severed head. A few links of its vertebral column were still attached. What flesh there was looked like it had been gnawed on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazyd was right,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Though it wasn\u8217\'92t hunger which urged this tasting of flesh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri . He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying that this green robe guy }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that other guy over there?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was his final meal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, we\u8217\'92re leaving,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93The struggle in this room is over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should burn it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense. This was one of Solraheen\u8217\'92s champions. Don\u8217\'92t be so quick to judge those touched by the darkness, for there is no greater struggle. He was braver than any of you. He fought against the rising tide and cut out his own stomach before it took him completely. See here\u8230\'85 he was growing horns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin upright with the tip of her cane, and sure enough, there were two fleshy nubs protruding from his forehead. His jaw lolled open, and a too-long tongue unfurled onto the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he had lost his battle, this world\u8217\'92s woes would be magnified by a hundred thousand thousand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She held the torch low to the firepit, and she poked around it with her cane to reveal, half buried in ash, a round stomach still full with that final meal. The green-robed man had cut it out at the neck and then tossed it into the fire like a lure, dragging with it the intestines behind, and these he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cut too and tossed into the ash. The stomach was black, nearly as black as Fabled Black, and while that might be expected for flesh cooking in flames, it seemed to Mandri that it was black for other reasons. If the torchlight was truthful, the stomach was still wet and still subtly pumping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet pulled out her golden knife and cut the stomach open without effort. She opened the halves with tip of her cane as if to divine it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, divination is an art of which Mandri knew very little. He knew that the stomach was the seat of the Spark, and that the organ is subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the stomach\u8217\'92s stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there are the patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the meaning of current events but predict the future. That was all that Mandri knew. It was not a functional knowledge. He did not expect, when Elrahet cut into that black stomach, that he would understand anything about what was going on. But when that stomach snapped open, the stomach itself let loose a black puff of smoke that struck Mandri dumb with dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was not the only one. All present shuddered and gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oooookay,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not waiting in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet ignored him. With her blade she sorted through the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s contents. Her sullen face was fraught with worry. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you not hear me? I said we\u8217\'92re leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t have to tell me twice,\u8221\'94 said Seb, and he scuttled out the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently I do,\u8221\'94 Moto said derisively. But no one else had budged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93Please just do what I ask you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet snapped and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go look for Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sank. He looked despondently up at the ceiling, and tried to rub the frustration out of his forehead. Then he clapped his hands, and said, \u8220\'93Alright. Alllllright. If a demon falls down from the ceiling and starts making your insides be outsides, don\u8217\'92t complain to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   He threw his pack down, pulled from it a rock crystal spyglass and hurried out into the oncoming night to watch for Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet shouted after him like a worried mother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t stray too far!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And like every son with his own ideas, Moto ignored her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri decided to follow him, because the divination of entrails was not for him. He set his Obo-stuffed pack against an ash-brushed column, and joined Moto as well as Seb outside on the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s doorstep. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The evening breeze was a revelation, it told of just how foul the air in that hall really was. Mandri took a deep breath of it, hoping to clear the taint of that vile stomach from his senses. He thought he could still smell it. He could certainly still see it in his mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye, and now that he was thinking about it he wanted to vomit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He grimaced and thought of prettier things. The sun was now a bright pink line in the west and that pinkness washed over a smattering of faint stars who were just beginning to twinkle. The fractured face of the plateau below nearly mirrored the color of the sky. All this would have been enough to drag Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts away from that black and belching stomach, but Seb was sitting at the head of Shulgi\u8217\'92s stairs, sitting on top of his pack with that dead Riga child still bundled to it, and the man was slurping and chewing his borcandi spines with unusual ferocity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many of those spines do you have?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked him. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been chewing them nonstop since I met you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb puckered his lips and sent a wad of spit flying down the stairs. He watched it until it disappeared, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I chew \u8216\'91em till there ain\u8217\'92t nothin\u8217\'92 left. A single spine goes a day. Seven a week. Got a hundred and two left.\u8221\'94 He gave his pack a few hearty slaps and the Riga\u8217\'92s head juddered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you took a burgeon,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A burgeon? What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see anythin\u8217\'92 special?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri turned and looked for Moto. The man had climbed up above Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance arch. He was sitting sideways in the circle of the viper\u8217\'92s eye, scanning the distance for Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see the Hrks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must be blind, \u8216\'91cause I\u8217\'92m half-blind an\u8217\'92 I can see \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pointed out to the cracked expanse again. Mandri expected to see a white line marching out on top of it. Then he saw a faint orange glow flickering in one of the distant cracks. In fact there were two bright spots, glowing, one further back, seemingly stuck and not moving, and one maybe halfway out, wandering in the wrong direction. Outside of these two blooms of light, the canyon curves were many times blacker than the night that was creeping in. Trying to find Ayram in them would, no doubt, be a hopeless endeavor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s not going to fight them all, is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spat again, and lubricated his lips with his tongue before speaking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s layin\u8217\'92 a false trail,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Helpin\u8217\'92 the Hrks get turned around in them canyons is be easy to do, \u8216\'91specially at night. Lots of places to get lost. Ya know they don\u8217\'92t call it the Shattered Plateau for nothin\u8217\'92. Its got doublin\u8217\'92 back places, sideways places, and whatnot. Hard to just keep goin\u8217\'92 straight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d have to have the eyes of a bat to find Ayram in those canyons.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto voice called out from behind, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was quick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked down at the crack that led up Shulgi, half-expecting to see Ayram charging out of it and leaping up the steps, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there nor anywhere else. Mandri scanned up and down all the cracks that weren\u8217\'92t so obscured by canyon curves, but he saw nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s so god-damned fast,\u8221\'94 Moto declared as he rolled his disbelief, jealousy, and admiration into a sigh. This was, Mandri supposed, the closest Moto could come to actually expressing something resembling respect. It made Mandri want to find Ayram all the more. He realized he\u8217\'92d never actually seen the giant sprinting. Ayram doing anything was a physical feat, he could be taking a shit and Mandri would want front row seating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, he saw nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I didn't know better, I'd say that he's spooked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb twisted around and said to Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say you know better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's Ayram. The man doesn't get spooked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, eager to be included, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see him. Where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb pretended to wonder if Mandri was blind, then pointed out at the shattered plateau, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  there.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reason Mandri hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen Ayram is because Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t weaving his way through the dark canyons, he was out on top of the plateau, looking a bit like a flea on the back of a scaled lizard hide. He was sprinting towards the temple, leaping across the canyon gaps as he went. Some of these gaps were larger than Mandri thought was possible to traverse, but as Ayram jumped, he stabbed the ground with spear and practically threw himself across. The speed and power was incredible, even viewed so far away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit!\u8221\'94 Moto yelled. He clambered out of the snakes eye, and when the distance was manageable, he jumped down. His eyes were alight with worry. He grabbed Mandri under the arm and said, \u8220\'93Get inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it, get inside!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He threw Mandri back towards the temple and started to manhandle Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shook his arm free from Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92re you on about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  argue with me, Seb. Get inside, or I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll make you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s got you so\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto grabbed Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder and lifted him up. Seb, being the much smaller man, didn\u8217\'92t fight it, though he did make it as hard as he could letting his heels drag. Moto dragged him right past Mandri, gave him a look that could boil bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t get your ass inside\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he said, and he left Mandri to imagine the details.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri ran after him, but took one last look out at the shattered plateau. Ayram was still hurtling towards the temple. He was rapidly approaching a crevasse that would, surely, be too wide for even him to jump. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slow down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Afore the gap, Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stride lengthened into a bounding skip\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one, two, three\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his fourth step pressed off the edge of the crevasse, and he launched himself into the air. His momentum was incredible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, from out towards the pass, a thin beam of golden fire exploded into the night, zipping right towards Ayram. It rushed at the speed of a lightning flash, and so brilliant was its light that Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but blink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he opened his eyes, Ayram was gone. A cloud of dust swirled in his wake. A long black scorch mark scarred his landing zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand grabbed the neck of Mandri\u8217\'92s robe and pulled him into the temple, and without so much as a word of warning, Moto dropped him on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. She had seen the flash but not the source.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shouldered his pack and said, simply, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazydfire\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How close?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto did not answer. He marched through the hall and stopped next to Elrahet. He asked her, brusquely, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}