{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The androgyne}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Woman called maesia, successfully defended herself in the courts and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91because she really had a man\u8217\'92s nature behind the appearance of a woman was called \u8216\'91the androgyne\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Afrania, used to initiate legal cases herself and was impudent enough to plead in person, so that everyone became tired out with her \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91barking\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91yapping\u8217\'92. \u8216\'91With unnatural freaks like this its more important to recordwhen they died than when they were born.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women were allowed to speak ouut as victims and as martyrs, usually to preface their own death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lucretia, raped by a brutal prince, ws given a speaking part solely to denounce the rapist and announce her own suicide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rip out hte womans tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hortensia speaks out for the women of rome, and women only.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2nd century guru - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a woman should as modestly guard against exposing her voice to outsiders as she would guard against stripping off her clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As we saw with telemachus, to become a man was to claim the right to speak. Public speech was a - if not the - defining attribute of maleness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A woman speaking in public was, in most circumstances, by definition not a woman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Entirely surrounded by men - and pikes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For centuries the public speech of women has been niched into talking about women.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Complaining about \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91thin nasal tones\u8217\'92 of women public speech, about their \u8216\'91twangs, whiffles, snuffles, whines and whinnies\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A gobby woman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristophanes comedy \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91lysistrata\u8217\'92 - A sex strike by the women of  athens to force their husbands to end the long-running war with sparta. The men go round for most the play with enormously inconvenient erections.  Eventually the men give in. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eons of erosion from these mountains have resulted in the valley fill on which these arizona upland flourishes. Recent reosion is visible today in the form of alluvial fans at the bases of the mountains. The combination of rain and mountain topography creates washes that form riparian corridors dissecting our desert landscape, recharging our aquifers, and bringing green ribbons of life through an otherwise arid landscape.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mountains a buffer to plants and animals needing to escape the dry desert heat of the low basins and valleys.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sky island ranges provided a climatic gradient for plants and animals to move through during times of changing climates, droughts, and glacial interglacial cycles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Often in masses of water-laden air called gulf surges that rush right up the middle of the sea of cortez to dump theiri harvested moisture in the southern arizona. (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91harvest moisture\u8217\'92 causing aridity)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Winter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fruints of netleaf hackberry trees are ripening, providing food. Shrubs sprout bright new leaves, many trees such as mesquites, palo verdes, and sycamores will drop leaves as temps below freezing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Birs in the mimc thrush begin to establish mating territories. They \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91map\u8217\'92 territories by singing their famous copycat songs from teh tops of trees, poles, or fences. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glossy black-crested birds with white wing patches. Fluttery flight displays to attract femals. Mule deer breeding season, called the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91rut\u8217\'92. Viliont sparring with antlers.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mountain lions feed well this month in the mountain foothills, where distracted male deer make easier prey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gold poppies, lupines, and silver bells. Alders bloom before sending out new leaves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 March is wildflower month. Globemallows, penstemons, evening primroses, desert marigolds, gilias, bladderpods, dock, chia, desert hyacinths, and many more. Shrubs broom as well, including desert lavender,hopbush, brittlebush, fairy duster, and mormon tea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elf owls arrive from wintering grounds in mexico to breedin nthe desert; males arrive first and try to win females with their distinctive barking call as they purch in cavities in saguaro cacit or trees. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Songbirds rest in riparian corridors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iron cross blister beetles}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Summer rains trigger a second breeding season for many animals, including insects and the birds and mammals that feed on them. Many butterfiles emerge or arrive with the rains. Monarchs, sulphurs, queens, fritillaries, and swallowtails.  Palo verde beetles that feed on the roots of their namesake plants emerge to mate and lay eggs. Amphibians such as spadefoots and shihuahuan green toads begin their short and frenzied reproductive cycles in the shallow rain puddles. Red spotted toads in semipermanent waters.  Nectar-feeding bats and thei new young move south, following the blooms of agaves along the mountain spines.  Swirling  swarms of wingedleaf-cutter and harvester ants in the morning after heavy rain; these are new queens and males that will mate and establish new colonies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}