{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stretched his legs in a futile attempt to recover from the rigor of death. He desperately wanted to stand up and walk around, but his own timidity ruled against this. So, he sat and waited in the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limestone pit while the sun sat and waited in its noonday post. The heat poured straight down, leaving no shadows to cool in. Most of the Ayramun retreated into the mouth of the tunnel. Seb stayed in the pit because she preferred to sweat, while Mandri stayed because Seb seemed to be something like his advocate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He set his back against the rock and shut his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He daydreamed about some ancient text on economics he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d once read. He didn\u8217\'92t remember any of it, but he did remember cringing from the smell of bullshit some two centuries away. It was an odd experience to relive. It had nothing to do with the present moment. But actually, it might. He looked for something which might explain why he was remembering that smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, it was those pokes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In a way, the pokes in those tunnels were campaigning for their own grand economic theory which itemized what other people should be doing with all their time. Any moment now, and they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come rushing back out to assail him with some big idea about how everyone, themselves especially, were going to get what they rightfully deserved if only the rich, or maybe the poor, would just stop working against the world\u8217\'92s natural order. Either way, Mandri knew he must give his assent or else be condemned as a malcontent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sure enough, a sliver of a shadow returned to the pit, and so did that crowd of ragged pokes, fifteen to twenty of them. Plans and schemes tipped their tongues, side-eyed glances sliced right through Mandri, their new toy. They chattered excitedly for half a hand until some hidden signal passed between them, at which point they all promptly shut up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri feared a lecture as they fanned out to ring the pit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A disquieting grumble echoed out of the tunnel and each desert-beaten man and woman snapped to attention. There was an eagerness in their eyes. Then out of the shadows there strode a giant. A black-robed giant. A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Flee,\u8217\'92 was Mandri\u8217\'92s first thought. His second was more considered; \u8216\'91This must be Ayram\u8217\'92. Then next came, \u8216\'91He could be Arnaggu.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Arnaggu was the first Hrkan Lord, a true conquering hero, the inspiration for the genre. In some ancient age his figure was carved into the flat face of a massive granite monadnock that towered above the windswept Forni plain. The relief itself sat four-hundred feet off the ground. There stood Arnaggu at the apex of a battle scene which stretched over the whole of the shaven granite, some six-hundred feet wide. At the bottom of this magnificent work was a horde of Old Jandri tribesmen dressed as slaves, with naked torsos and skirted hips. Their limbs were splayed out, flyswatted. Their faces were fixed in silent screams as they were crushed under the sandals of Arnaggu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, a tidal wave of men. Arnaggu himself was depicted ten times larger than any other, wading through the carnage. His upper torso and head were the only parts of the relief carved fully in the round, such that Arnaggu seemed to be tearing himself out of the rock, eyes wild, brow untroubled, kingly rage, like he\u8217\'92d just heard whispers of rebellion and was dead-set on ripping out the treacherous tongues with his teeth. For the viewer, for his subjects, for the entire world, to contend with him was to contend with the entirety of the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And here he was, reborn. A true giant. A man carved from stone, skinny and strong. His long black hair was wrapped up in black. His piercing blue eyes were tucked under mothy brows. His long, gaunt face was sunk into a bread loaf of a beard, an Old Jandri style called an Unky beard, named after the warrior poet Unkileen, who was himself named after a star. Ayram wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ten-men-tall like Arnaggu, but he was at least as tall as two whole Mandrameens. And the way he moved, with his too-long legs wrapped tight in faded black wool, swinging in a loping gait, he seemed possessed of that skinny-legged power that hides inside a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here was a conquering hero in the fashion of old. And true to the form, his glare was imperious upon his prize: Mandrameen the Mazid. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb whispered in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear, \u8220\'93Stand in the center.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fought back his own stipple-pricked sense of awe and stood himself up. He walked to the center of the pit. A few of the Ayramun muttered insults, but he paid them no mind, he was concerned only with Ayram. The giant still had both his hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned to the cave from which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94 he shouted. His voice was deep and sonorous, as only the manliest tones climb their way out of his cavernous chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An old woman came hobbling out of the tunnels, aided by a gnarled branch of a cane. She wore a cloud of ruffled up black tatters, and with her spine as bowed as it was, her head could barely reach Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knee. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was not alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Zosan girl wrapped in a mottled, brown blanket stumbled along behind. Her high cheeks were bothered by a huge mess of black hair and a clear lack of sleep. She leaned against Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stooped back, and the pair moved with deliberate care as the girl was clearly drugged, or drunk. Mandri guessed drunk because she walked with that familiar rhythmless shuffle of blurred instinct. And somehow, despite the presence of a giant and a witch, it was this girl who drew all attention. It was her pain. She fought back a grimace with every step. Her red and witless eyes wandered aimlessly around the pit. But then her gaze brushed over Mandri and she gained focus. Her chin jerked up. Her pained expression tightened into stony resolve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grabbed her by the shoulder, pulled her off of the old witch, then shook her gently. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Moteah, look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah did not take her stern glare off Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93I want you to command the Mazid. Command it to kneel to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He let go of Moteah and she, unbalanced, swayed into his hip. He caught her, held her steady, then pointed his long arm at Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She has not recovered,\u8221\'94 Elrahet huffed. \u8220\'93Neither has the boy. The tether needs time to root.\u8221\'94 The shadow of this old witch\u8217\'92s cowl hid a sneering squint that folded so much age around her eyes that they looked like little black seeds thumb-pressed into her sockets. And those seeds were sharp, they flitted underneath her wrinkles as they traced the outline of Mandri\u8217\'92s figure. It seemed she could see the smell of death exuding out of his pores. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I care,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, inflecting encouragement. \u8220\'93The girl has the power now to command the creature. Kneeling is no great burden.\u8221\'94 To prove his point, he knelt down himself, and now that his massive head was level with Moteah\u8217\'92s ear, he said gently, \u8220\'93Command it to kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah took a deep breath and steadied herself. That wild fierceness in her eyes tingled Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bones. She wasn\u8217\'92t quite looking at him, and that made it worse, because she was looking at his stomach like she were some Junkite queen hungry for meat. But then she spoke, and her uncertain voice betrayed her true condition. \u8220\'93Kneel,\u8221\'94 she said softly, as if it were a suggestion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stayed standing. Seeing this, Moteah clenched her jaw and stood up straighter. When she gave her next command she seemed to bite the word, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word tickled Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach and gripped his spine, but he did not kneel. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And now the atmosphere in the pit was tense.  The once stilled Ayramun were shifting, fidgeting, uncomfortable with the sense of how their grand plan was slipping from their grip, if it had ever been in their hands in the first place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These were the kinds of moments Mandri lived for, shattered delusions. It was exciting. The only way you can really get to know a person is to watch how the react when their delusions get shattered atop their heads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was especially vulnerable here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you could command me,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to her, \u8220\'93you could do it with a whisper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh-hoh!\u8221\'94 Ayram bellowed, somehow happy to see Mandri\u8217\'92s defiance. \u8220\'93It seems he still has a Spark!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He does not,\u8221\'94 Elrahet hissed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then something went wrong with the transference. I don\u8217\'92t have the sight, but I can see well enough to see that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is not kneeling.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy is untethered to the world. If you had the eyes, you would\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Something caught her eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was fretting again over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped forward, then began to circle Mandri as a vulture circles carrion. As she moved, she mumbled a guttural speech devoid of natural pauses where one might take a breath. These ill words weaved themselves into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears, and he began to feel his thoughts and feelings flee him. By the second circling, he was so far removed from the moment that he almost didn\u8217\'92t see the witch\u8217\'92s right hand plunge into her ragged robes and emerge with a curved, black knife, a knife he had seen before, exactly like the knife that had slaughtered his ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet licking her withered lips at the sight of his stomach}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mind your Minder,\u8221\'94 she growled when she noticed him noticing her. \u8220\'93Think of nothing but }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes instinctively flicked to Moteah, then back to that accursed knife. It thrummed with excitement in the beating heat of the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at the girl!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stiffened. Now it was clear that this witch was ensorcelling him through her speech. He could feel her grating words pull his mind out of its perch and into a pleasant quietness, where nothing existed but the sight of that dark girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. The deep of her skin swam atop her skull as if this were a burgeon binge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The witch continued to circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out came a witchy bark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She lashed out with her blade, slashing the air just above his arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She cut the air above his heart, then again near his shoulder, then right in front of his nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His mind snapped loose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One last cut unmoored him from any sense of the future, and so he drifted into the roots of her graping spell. The only functional parts of him were his legs, which kept him standing, and his vision, though that was blurring into a whitish pucker behind Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s irate glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Command it to kneel,\u8221\'94 Ayram demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt his stomach squeeze. An unfamiliar urge bubbled out of his gut and he almost vomited right as Moteah shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her shout shivered the sand underneath his feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A cool air blew up from nowhere to billow the skirt of his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His stomach wrenched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wheezed as his insides twisted, doubling him over in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he caught his breath, he opened his eyes and saw that he was still standing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah snarled, then tossed aside her blanket. Her right arm was missing a hand. The nubby wrist there was wrapped in a weedy poultice, and this she aimed at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest as if it were a weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her lips trembled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her pulse was there inside his chest. It was there, gripping his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet began again to circle, cross-stepping sideways, facing him. Her mumblings yanked him back into incoherence, and once there he was plunged into a vision of a severed hand stuck inside his torso, its dead fingers squeezing the malformed pink slug that was his empty gut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93KNEEL!\u8221\'94 Moteah screamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word clapped Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears, then concussed the pit\u8217\'92s chalky rock before rebounding right back at him, rattling his ribs, and on it went, bouncing into the tunnels, echoing into unseen corridors, slamming into every dead end, sending faint rejoinders back out. That this powerful shout had come from such an ailing girl was the least incredible thing, for the air between herself and Mandri was alive with a sprinkling of sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her very shout had thwacked the ground between then.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders jerked downwards, pulled by an unseen rope. For a moment, he felt as if he would kneel, but when the last remnant of the Moteah\u8217\'92s command faded, the tension snapped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In a flash, he was back inside his skin, still standing. He was shocked enough to still be alive after having been subjected to the vicissitudes of that witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spell. And yes, he was alive, but he was not thankful for it. Deep depression. He felt, more than ever, that his existence was undemanded; he keenly felt how none of these people here cared for him, no one in all the world did, and never had this fact been more obvious and present than right this very moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant, Ayram, was standing right in front of him now. Arms crossed, he was looking down his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head and shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A bone-handled dagger flashed in the giant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive hand. The blade seemed no bigger than a butterknife against those hairy fingers, and it was sharp, a fact which Mandri learned when its edge was thrust up tight against his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, drawing out all tyranny endemic to the word. When Mandri did not move, the giant growled a growl which reverberated inside his cavernous chest, such that it seemed like two men growled at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The dagger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip dug into Mandri\u8217\'92s skin. A bead of unnaturally thick blood dripped down Mandri neck. Mandri noticed none of this, for behind that sharp nose that poked out from Ayram\u8217\'92s bread-loaf beard were two blue-ice eyes, almost glowing. Those were something worth painting; the eyes of a giant as they considered what should be done with a willowy throat. It was such an entrancing sight that Mandri completely forgot that he\u8217\'92d been asked to do something. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should be walking,\u8221\'94 one of the Ayramun said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grunted, then stepped away. He paced to and fro, hands held behind his back, twirling that bone-handled blade in between unreasonably dexterous fingers. It was a grand show of furious thinking, one which went on for far too long. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we bargain?\u8221\'94 he finally said, sharing a magnificent smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few chuckles rose up. It was clear that Ayram was not a man who bargained. He was big enough to simply take what he wanted. Like Tob had said, everything here was his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing that I want,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, staring the giant square.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t call it bargaining,\u8221\'94 Ayram replied. \u8220\'93We will share gestures of goodwill. We can start small, if you like. Kneel before me, and I will show you a kindness in return. Do not ask for much, as kneeling is no great demand. A mouthful of water should satisfy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a Mazid,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need water. And without a Spark, I don\u8217\'92t need food either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was not what I meant.\u8221\'94 He snapped his fingers at one of the nearby Ayramun and demanded their waterskin. The skin was tossed, he snatched it, then unplugged the cork then took a drink. His beard bulged as he swished the water around his mouth, and after he swallowed, he smacked his lips. \u8220\'93Out here,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93water is precious. Giving you water means more than giving you water. This exchange here, we are demonstrating a willingness to tolerate each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you have nothing I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t about }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 wants}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , boy. Will you make an effort to stand me, or won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet bittered the offer with a huff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One cannot bargain with a Sparkless stomach,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It wants nothing, it will give nothing.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about freedom?\u8221\'94 Ayram wondered aloud. He turned to Mandri with renewed interest. \u8220\'93That is something worth trading for, is it not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant seemed earnest. His people were less enthused. Indeed, the circle of Ayramun ringing Mandri was a gallery of discontent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 smugness, anger, impatience, boredom, like whipped hounds waiting for the master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greasy hand to divvy up the meal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Somehow,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ve gone through all this trouble just to let me go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is why we will make a trade,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93You do something for me, I do something for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Destroy my enemies, what else?\u8221\'94 The man said this as if he were asking for a little extra butter for his bread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re no different than the Hrks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s interesting,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, amused. \u8220\'93That }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  interesting. I have been mistaken for a god, I have been mistaken for a demon, but I have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  been mistaken for Hrk.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sparkless,\u8221\'94 Elrahet muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it seems,\u8221\'94 Ayram lamented. He turned to Moteah, who was still on her knees, looking quite queasy and very upset about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Contemplate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he marched right on by and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We walk!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the Ayramun jumped up, grabbed their things, and hurried to follow after their leader. Seb stopped at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side and told him to follow too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought about staying put and causing as much fuss as possible. He had every right to make these people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lives as miserable as they were making his. Then he considered what passes for torture in this part of the Sand. And then he saw Moteah shuffling along, unbalanced, and somehow it made things more bearable to see someone suffering worse than he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gathered what was left of his sense and hustled after Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fluttering cloak.}}