{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dwell on it for long because she thought she heard the faint murmur of a crowd and the distant thump of loud music coming from round the bend, the familiar sounds of a city at play. When sightlines were finally established, she was stunned to see the river there clogged with a horde of flat-bottomed bassmasters, double decker pontoons, a few refurbished aluminum riverboats from America\u8217\'92s childhood, and a rainbow of inflatable tubes. It was so jammed with watercraft that people could and did walk from one bank to the other without bending the hips. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It all seemed so dangerous, that someone might drown. With the scented smokey haze it even looked like something out of the age of flintlock warfare: a ramshackle armada drifting through the smoke of cannon fire, a frenzy of bodies and noise and bedlam, though that was only a flavor of the general feeling, because there was also a sense of organization. Here the river banks had been shored up with concrete boardwalks, with evenly spaced oak trees and dust-white rococo railings to separate the spaces. In the middle there was an old wrought iron bridge packed with people, all eagerly awaiting the fourth of July fireworks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Chapter 2: Red River Blues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 __}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 July 4, 2102}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Six months  after The Experiment failed to return to Earth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 __}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah Wu cut a lonesome figure at the back of a crowded pontoon boat, beautiful and exotic and just twenty-seven with only a drunken geriatric to keep her company. It was just six o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92clock, but already the old man\u8217\'92s eyelids drooped and his mind scrambled to triage his bodily functions. Trivial things like the drool dribbling down his chin were ignored so that he could focus on settling the slosh of his stomach bile. Whenever it rose and burned his throat he\u8217\'92d twist to try to vomit it into the river, but nothing but spittle ever came out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93America,\u8221\'94 Deborah muttered to herself. The Mandarin the word for the country was \u8216\'91M\u283\'65igu\u243\'F3\u8217\'92, and translated literally it means, \u8216\'91beautiful kingdom\u8217\'92, yet the the neglected state roads and concrete pastures that trimmed every river bend reminded her home. There were sections of Louisiana\u8217\'92s Red River where cypress knees still cordoned off \u8216\'91wild parts\u8217\'92, but every two-hundred meters or so her boat would float past a derelict oil pump. At eye-level these rusted rigs actually added to the sense of place, but Deborah had seen how they pocked the landscape in satellite images, how their broad concrete bases flared up like pimples amongst the greenlands all way into Texas, and up into Arkansas. It was depressing. The whole surface of the earth was like that, all crusted over with industry. It made  her envious of the peoples of the past, that they could walk or ride for days or weeks without sight or sound of another human being, completely ignorant of just how good they had it or just how bad all their love-making and child-rearing would leave it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blame them, though. The earth had just had too many lovers. There wasn\u8217\'92t enough to go around. It might have helped if a few million or billion people could have quelled their sex drive for her sake, but she knew that was too big an ask. After all, here she was at an evening river party, concerned as hell that her shoulder baring blouse had yet to hook a single sideways glance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab She eyed the guys on her boat as they huddled together to go over the nuts and bolts of the case. They were almost all lawyers, and they wore the island variety uniform: bermuda shorts, hawaiian shirts, and cuban cigars. To their credit, they had tried to get her involved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Deborah, what do the Chinese think about Jakub Beksinski?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess\u8230\'85 they consider him a bit like Einstein.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Einstein? Really?\u8221\'94, another asked, but before she could answer, one of the more obnoxious hibiscus print shirts felt the need to point out that Einstein had been a patent clerk when he was busy reducing time and space to a single tenseless block of stuff.  \u8220\'93Imagine if Einstein had been able to find a valuable practical application somewhere in General Relativity,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Being a patent clerk, I bet he would\u8217\'92ve patented it and then hid the science as a trade secret like Beksinski\u8217\'92s done, robbing all of humanity, just like Beksinski.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What practical application could Einstein have possibly come up with?\u8221\'94 another asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. It\u8217\'92s just an analogy. It could work on a jury.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might. If we\u8217\'92re going to get them to force Beksinski to give up his technology, I think our only play is to appeal to their sense of shared humanity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t fucking matter because we\u8217\'92ve already got half the jury on payroll.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Appeal to their humanity, indeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There were some mischievous chuckles before the drunken geriatric broke it up by loudly proclaiming, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That isn\u8217\'92t why it doesn\u8217\'92t fucking matter.\u8221\'94 Deb was surprised to see that he had recovered some of his faculties. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t fucking matter because either way this goes, it\u8217\'92s going to get appealed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Each and every one of them chuckled mischievously. Deborah just rolled her eyes and poured her drink overboard, because the way the little beer bubbles drifted out into the middle of the river was the most interesting thing for miles. She eyed them as they spiraled through the boat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wake and mixed with the propeller's froth. A few somehow survived it all to float downriver. They were her contribution to this continental drainage system, a sad affirmation of her life\u8217\'92s existence, on par with the old geriatric\u8217\'92d spittle. She suspected that even he was having a better time because a little color had returned to his cheeks. He was sitting now with a fat smile on his face and his nose in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You smell that, hon?!\u8221\'94, he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Smell what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s law-ee-zee-annah barbeque.\u8221\'94 The old man licked his lips and pulled the nasal cannula out from his nose before taking in another big whiff of the scented air, hoping it would further settle his stomach. Deborah\u8217\'92s own button nose was unaccustomed to the spice of pound burgers, smoked crawfish, and huge vats of gumbo, so it wasn\u8217\'92t enough to make her think fortunate thoughts, but she liked how she could see it, how the smell was physical: a slight smoky haze obscuring the tops of the trees round the bend. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that where we are headed?\u8221\'94 she asked, but when she looked back over at the clerk, the smile had disappeared from his fishy lips, and his bony fingers clenched his bloated stomach as if to contain a caged beast. His shoulders began to shudder, and the rumbling of an old flat-bottomed bassmaster trolling up alongside the pontoon boat was the final straw. Onboard were a few shirtless kids, and they were trying to get the clerk\u8217\'92s attention by shouting up at him, unaware of the danger in which the were putting themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, man, we were wonderin\u8217\'92 if- could you spare a few drinks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The old clerk tried to stifle the upward cascade of stomach acid and alcohol, but it was too much. He twisted round to face the river, and the teens all shrieked as they watched his cheeks swell up right above their heads, and their little outboard motor shifted into high gear. In a fit of drunken grace the old clerk managed to direct the blast away and into the water, a feat which left him hanging like a wet rag over the pontoon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s railing. Instead of thanking him, the kids all laughed and pointed, and took pictures with their phones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0  But the old clerk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks didn\u8217\'92t flush with embarrassment for long, and he didn\u8217\'92t sulk into his shoulders after noticing how everyone stared. Instead, he joined in with the kid\u8217\'92s jeers, managing to turn them into cheers, and he kept it up until the kids\u8217\'92 boat disappeared behind the bend. It left everyone smiling and it left Deborah impressed. She was careful not to dwell on it for long, because  she thought that this could be one of those moments where the leftover unhappiness just hangs in the air until it happens upon some poor soul, interrupting their day with a sudden flood of old and embarrassing memories. She had come out determined to have a good time. She\u8217\'92d even tied her hair up into a loose bun and brushed on a dab of smoke to contour the eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She chose instead to focus on the old red brick city now swinging into view. It was a lazy sprawl of buildings, stretching out across both sides of the river with a large wrought iron bridge spanning the gap. At least a few thousand people were out and about, more than she had expected to see, and the river there was clogged with a hundred or so boats. They were mostly pontoons like hers but there were also a few decommissioned construction barges packed with people, as well as a few refurbished riverboats from America\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s childhood. Many were tied up to the riverwalk that shored up the left bank, and Deborah\u8217\'92s boat followed suit, taking it\u8217\'92s place underneath one of the evenly spaced  white oak trees whose pollen dusted the red-bricks yellow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 she heard the full, creamy sound of an alto sax breathing heavy off of a nearby riverboat, she got excited. It was old American jazz, the first she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard it live. Nearby boats even turned off their own music in deference. It seemed to slow everything and everyone way down, as if they were all sharing in a communal sense of deja vu. The feeling was especially strong for Deborah. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It reminded her of one her Beijing daydreams. She did feel like she knew it was going to happen, that she would be here in this place, with this cool evening air, this pollen dusted concrete, that sleepy old riverboat, that Mississippi Mistress, all of it wrapped together by the swish of the drummer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wire brush as it measured out the sugar and salt symphony of an 8-man jazz band. She nearly melted it was so perfect, like it had all been prophesied by one of her daydreams, and she\u8217\'92d only just remembered it. The feeling compelled her to ignore the little chain link ribbon with the \u8216\'91private party\u8217\'92 sign, and hop aboard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As soon as she stepped on to the pleated wood ramp she could feel the rambling jazz bass thumping through the boards. All in all, it was the kind of physical, full-bodied music that could breathe life into inanimate objects, even people. The old brass gas lamps flickered with each muted trombone jab and cornet stab, and the pewter railing tingled as the baby grand marched through its modal chords. They were playing Satin Doll by Duke Ellington. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s decorations were just as lovely. Her red-lacquered rails were wrapped in thin wires of tiny white lights, and the awning above was festooned in red, white, and blue streamers that lit up every time fresh boxes of sparklers were passed around. Like the river, the boat was completely crowded, but Deborah didn\u8217\'92t mind because the people were rich, their glasses half-full, and everyone was quickly losing their discretion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was also a rumored open bar up on the carpeted second level. Deborah somehow already knew that it would be there, and so she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t surprised when she found it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could I get a martini?\u8221\'94 she asked the bartender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And a shot of something strong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The bartender set up a rather large shot of clear scotch, and Deborah downed it immediately. Then he mixed her drink, and she took a look around the room. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The whole place was a little narrower than she expected, but it was just as ornate as she had imagined. It had clearly been built early in the age of American decadence, the age when luxury railcars were attached to plainer fares and ostentatious wealth was meant to be seen, even felt, so that people would know \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91who\u8217\'92s who\u8217\'92 - before the Depression hit and ripped blue jeans became expensive, then somehow stayed so. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At the back of the ship, the wood-worked white arches opened up into a series of columns, and the carpet gave way to wood, and an awkward young man sat there on a bench, back straight, looking right at Deborah. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab Their eyes stumbled over each other, hers darting like little black bullets, his shaking like blue-green glass, the whole exchange taking place in a fraction of a second, the speed of love-at-first-sight, or at least that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what Deborah thought it was, because when the boy looked away she saw him chase a fluttered breath, and that, too, nearly melted her. It made her feel like the only real person in the room. Here she was, the only Asian, the only girl not wearing a dress, the only person who wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to be there. It was like she\u8217\'92d walked into some virtual reality, and that reddish-blonde boy had been put there just for her. It was a feeling that transcended basic physical impulse. After all, he wasn\u8217\'92t very much more than cute. There was barely any meat on him, and his ears stuck out a good ways. His classic white suit and blue suspenders seemed to be the only things holding him up. It was as if he and the riverboat had been restored together, all designed specifically for Deborah, a perfect harmony of quirk and circumstance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She decided upon a silent approach, to sit down next to him quietly and first make sure that she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t misread the situation. If she could catch his eye, force out one of those double-takes, those shy smiles, she\u8217\'92d be golden. But there wasn\u8217\'92t a need for any of it, because as soon as she sat down, he reflexively answered her question before she reflexively asked it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name\u8217\'92s Peter.\u8221\'94 He smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah.\u8221\'94 She smiled back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t supposed to be here, are you, Deborah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably not. Should I leave?\u8221\'94 Deborah took a sip out of her near-empty glass, and stuck out her tongue to get the last drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t- I mean, no, at least in this particular instance. But aren\u8217\'92t you worried about what other people are thinking right now? I mean, if it were me, I\u8217\'92d be worried that somewhere in the belly of the ship there\u8217\'92s a bouncer who\u8217\'92s heard people mumbling about a pretty Asian girl who\u8217\'92s taking advantage of the bar and a weak-willed man in the back of the boat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I stand out that much?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah\u8230\'85 Deb. I\u8217\'92m going to call you Deb. Deb, it\u8217\'92s more than just your clothes. You see that woman over there?\u8221\'94 He was pointing towards a backless black dress not ten feet away. She was quite attractive. Blonde hair, blue eyed, a southern belle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The woman was listening with a polite smile to some old man, but she was constantly shooting sideways stares out into the crowd, each one made John jump in his seat like he had caught sight of some rare, flightless bird.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94, Deborah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 John nodded. He had a clean profile, if a little bony, but his eyes were something special. They were so vibrant because they were practically the only discernable features on his face. He barely had any eyebrows to speak of, they were there but were so light that they almost melted into his pale skin. It gave him a kind of uncertain, fearful intensity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah followed his gaze as he followed the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sideways glances. She was flirting with someone all the way across the deck, with one of the guys at the bar. Deborah couldn\u8217\'92t quite tell which one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, she has a kind of sophisticated beauty,\u8221\'94 John finally said. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s like a sniper. She sets up at a distance, camouflages herself in idle conversation, like she\u8217\'92s completely oblivious to what she\u8217\'92s doing - then bam, she shoots. It catches everyone off guard.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The blonde bombshell threw one of her shy-smiles towards the bar, and four men smiled back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone except the girls,\u8221\'94 said Deborah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, when you were scanning the deck earlier with your little periscope eyes, you were out in the open, and you were just spraying bullets all over the place.\u8221\'94 The more John talked, the more his hands got involved in the conversation, as if to compensate for his lack of eyebrow expression. \u8220\'93Maybe that works where you are from,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but guys like me, well, we like to be singled out. We like to pretend like we\u8217\'92re the only ones that matter, like, you know, \u8216\'91that girl\u8217\'92s got an eye only for me\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you like to be singled out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, you asked, \u8216\'91Do I stand out?\u8217\'92, well obviously. And I don\u8217\'92t mean that in a good way - I mean - I don\u8217\'92t mean it in a bad way, either. It\u8217\'92s not better or worse. You\u8217\'92re just different; you stand out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t answer my question.\u8221\'94 Deborah tried to find the answer in his eyes, to invite him in to be the only other real person in the room, to tease out that bashful quiver that she had seen earlier, but it didn\u8217\'92t work. Up close, he just looked a little sad, a little drunk, or maybe a little drugged up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I mean if your goal is to hook up with a warm body, at the end of the day, it really doesn\u8217\'92t matter what you do.\u8221\'94 He slightly shifted a little bit closer, so that his thigh rubbed up against hers, but it was perfectly innocent.  \u8220\'93You could probably keep doing what you were doing, but, you have to remember that your hunting technique determines what kind of prey you bag. Like, you wouldn\u8217\'92t go out into the woods with a turkey call if you want some venison for dinner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What works on you, John?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, let\u8217\'92s say, hypothetically speaking- \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like hypotheticals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, factually speaking then. Let\u8217\'92s say it\u8217\'92s a fact that I want to go home with you tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s say? Are you saying it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, how about this. What do you want to do with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just want to get to know me, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if by, \u8216\'91get to know me\u8217\'92, you are referring to a carnal knowledge, then yes\u8230\'85 but actually, \u8216\'91no. \u8216\'91Yes\u8217\'92, but because \u8216\'91yes\u8217\'92, then \u8216\'91no\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve lost me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, it\u8217\'92s a three part problem. I don\u8217\'92t like sex unless I get to know someone. When I get to know someone, invariably, I end up not liking them. Me not liking them prevents me from having sex with them, so it's a vicious cycle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t there some bit of common wisdom that says in order for you to love others, you must first love yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Well, yes that\u8217\'92s a thing but... see, Deborah\u8230\'85 Deb, the sex-drive for me, it\u8217\'92s like the ability to lean your seat back on an airplane.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean sure, it\u8217\'92s great, and you\u8217\'92re always thankful for the opportunity, but your seat never leans back quite far enough. Then you start to get a little upset. I mean, during the flight, you just can\u8217\'92t focus on what it is you want to do, cause  you\u8217\'92ll notice that you\u8217\'92re uncomfortable, that your lower back is a little stiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m with you so far.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know that if you could just lean back a few more inches, well that would solve everything. But, of course you can\u8217\'92t do that. The seat isn\u8217\'92t designed that way. And, so, you spend the whole flight like this, just frustrated, thinking the whole time about your seat, and you ignore the completely absurd fact that this whole time you\u8217\'92ve been hurtling through the air at 30,000 feet in a sheet-metal tube that is somehow, through the grace of God, going to land safely on the ground some thousands of miles away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leaning your seat back just a few more inches - that was your only concern. That\u8217\'92s what the sex-drive is like. That is what being a human is like. I hate it. I\u8217\'92ve even thought about chemically castrating myself.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the fuck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just messing around, I don\u8217\'92t actually-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85 your nose is bleeding.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sure enough, a thin stream of blood trickled out from John\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Shit.\u8221\'94 He nearly spilled his drink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here,\u8221\'94 Deborah handed him a napkin. \u8220\'93What is it? You on Coke?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drugs? What, you think I- \u8221\'94 he paused to blot his nose. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t do drugs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just compared sex to \u8216\'91leaning your seat back on an airplane\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The airplane equivalent of sex is just, sex, but on an airplane.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah, that\u8217\'92s a hypothetical situation.\u8221\'94 He threw the bloodied napkin into the river. \u8220\'93Once you start considering hypotheticals, it\u8217\'92s all over.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sex on an airplane is a hypothetical?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah, have you ever had sex in an airplane?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever met anyone who has had sex in an airplane?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, but what is stopping two consenting individuals from- \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It just doesn\u8217\'92t happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What aboutsex  on a riverboat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 John was about to continue on about hypotheticals, but caught himself, and smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85before this goes any further, since you seem to want to get to know me, I think you might want to know that I work for Jakub Beksinski.\u8221\'94 As John said it leaned over the railing, twirled his hand, caught the river air and wafted it towards his nose. Behind his swirling fingers, Deborah spied her pontoon boat, floating like prey in the water. She could clearly make out her fellow lawyers and a few would-be jurors waiting for the fireworks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I want to know that?\u8221\'94, she asked. There was a slight unease in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s just, there\u8217\'92s a general, violent hate for the man amongst your peers, so I thought you might want to know that I am his servant. I even helped to build The Experiment.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, are you Peter Hebert?\u8221\'94, Deborah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No- I mean, yes, I am, but it\u8217\'92s not pronounced, \u8216\'91he-bert\u8217\'92, it\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91ey-bear\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes it is, it\u8217\'92s French.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Deborah laughed. \u8220\'93I just expected John Hebert to be...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Older?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fictional.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean, it all fits. Technical genius, rarely gets outside. The things you say. Coke would explain it too, but- \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t do drugs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 John turned towards her, put his elbow up on the railing and kind of slumped into his shoulder like an apathetic miff before asking, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah, what do you care about?\u8221\'94 His eyes narrowed, but not too seriously. Deborah couldn\u8217\'92t imagine his serious look could possible be. Maybe this is it. She took a moment to study his stare, trying to figure out if he knew who she was and what she was doing in Shreveport. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eventually, she just decided to tell the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not care about anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s physically impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about this: You work for a consortium of Chinese companies who want to make sure that their interests are represented in the suit against my company. You are here to seduce me, then leverage the relationship in service to some nefarious purpose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I were trying to seduce you, would I fail this badly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re young, probably new to all this, so it\u8217\'92s conceivable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am trying to seduce you, though, and I did not lie when I said that I don\u8217\'92t care about anything. It is \u8216\'91physically possible\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 she said, mocking his tone of voice, \u8220\'93because I don\u8217\'92t mean it so literally - I have no raison d\u8217\'92etre.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you don\u8217\'92t really care about your job?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, the conflict of interests here doesn\u8217\'92t bother you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am trying not to think about it.\u8221\'94 She smiled annoyedly. \u8220\'93One or two more drinks and I think you\u8217\'92ll get there too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 --}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah, how many people on this boat really know something about Beksinski\u8217\'92s invention, and about The Experiment\u8217\'92s failure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All of them, but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many do you think are worried about the outcome of this case?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They work for you right? I would hope they are all worried about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many are worried about it right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah looked around the deck. The bartender was the only busybody onboard, but he was having a generally good time. A group of people out on the boardwalk had decided that the night would be better spent in the water, naked, and many others decided it would be best to watch. Looking over at her pontoon boat, she could see that she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t missed there. They, too, were having a grand time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure they care, but it wouldn\u8217\'92t make any sense to be thinking about it right now. I feel like you\u8217\'92re making my point for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah, the world is about to change because of Beksinski. The world- you won\u8217\'92t be able to refer \u8216\'91the world\u8217\'92 as the container for all humanity anymore. I mean, it\u8217\'92s going to happen!\u8221\'94 His head was lifted up now, eyes raking the sky like a prophet. \u8220\'93In our time. We are going to leave Earth and fill up the universe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure most people throughout history felt like they were living through the most consequential period of history, but the reality is that we will just absorb the change and move on, like we have always done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s precisely what I\u8217\'92m afraid of! That nothing will change.\u8221\'94 As he said it, he made a wide sweeping gesture, as if to condemn this boat and the people on it for having too good a time, apparently forgetting that his own drink was still half-full, and so the liquor inside splashed out of the glass and onto his white pants. He was already drunk enough not to notice. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like people, I don\u8217\'92t want us to pollute the universe with our broken institutions, our lack of foresight, our factionalism, our- \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand, John, I do.\u8221\'94 Deborah stopped him with a pat on his thigh, pointing to where drink had spilled. She left her hand there long enough for him to notice the stain, and a little longer, for him to notice her . \u8220\'93But neither you or Beksinski get to make that decision.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The universe doesn\u8217\'92t belong to just you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah, once you open up pandora\u8217\'92s box you can\u8217\'92t close it. Before we start fiddling with the latch, we should be sure that the best versions of ourselves that we can be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That day will never come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That!\u8221\'94 John exclaimed, \u8220\'93Is a hypothetical situation, that-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93John.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t going to win this case, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? It\u8217\'92s open and shut. We\u8217\'92re not violating any antitrust laws. We\u8217\'92re going to have a monopoly, sure, but that\u8217\'92s only a consequence of our hard work and historic accident, and you can\u8217\'92t regulate that. And even more, we\u8217\'92re under no obligation to license the use of our technology to anyone else. That\u8217\'92s the law.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re underestimating the only thing that matters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which is what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That there is the law, and then the people who enforce the law. It is the latter that matters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not in China, Deborah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Look at what happened with the Wright brothers. They patented ailerons and kept it all to themselves, and when World War I came around and American planes were inferior because of it, your government stepped in. Broke up the monopoly. Or, take Alexander Graham Bell and his telephone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you know that any time there is a new technology that expands economic or military frontiers, your government, just like mine, will get involved and open it up. Besides, if Beksinski really did sabotage The Experiment like has been claimed, then this intellectual property case isn\u8217\'92t how they\u8217\'92ll get to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 John looked down his nose at Deborah. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really believe that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People died, John.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then where are the bodies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, maybe you should ask the guy who built their ship \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already did ask Beksinski about what really happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deborah, here in America, looking guilty isn\u8217\'92t the legal standard for guilt.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right. In America, the legal standard is the size of your wallet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! True! Only to a certain extent, but yes! That\u8217\'92s my point. Why do you want to help these people sue me? I mean, if you\u8217\'92re so disaffected -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t complicated, John. You want what\u8217\'92s best for you, and they -,\u8221\'94 she nodded towards her pontoon boat, \u8220\'93they want what\u8217\'92s best for them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And Deborah wants what\u8217\'92s best for Deborah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shouldn\u8217\'92t I?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Dude gets real intense. LIke holy fuck he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s staring right into my soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you do care about something?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I care about the hope that one day I\u8217\'92ll care about something.\u8221\'94 She staring hard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Little bit of silence. Describe scene - wide shot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, we\u8217\'92re going to be adversaries in the courtroom,\u8221\'94 John finally said. \u8220\'93You know what that means, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Angry sex?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drink, or a dance?\u8221\'94, she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 since I\u8217\'92ve not danced before I think it\u8217\'92s best if-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great. Drinks first though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With that, Deborah led a dazed but leering Peter back to the bar. At first he barely held on, but she could literally feel him warming up to the idea, and she hoped that another scotch, a fresh martini, and her company might convince him to settle into it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Guided by the music, she and John made their way back down to the first deck, where the bodies were moving a little more slowly than before. Deborah hunched over her drink slightly as she sashayed across the deck, eager not to spill a drop amidst all of the close elbows and shoulders. After a few close calls, she raised the glass to her lips to down half of it, then set it on one of the wooden sills bolted into the wall. John took her hand, and then they danced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t very good as expected. But still, they dance, have fun, drink a little more. Laugh even, until finally she spots a door that no one is going into or out of, maybe a closet, not a bathroom. Maybe there she could get him out of his skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 ____________}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah expected to stumble into an uncomfortably practical arrangement, something like a fold-out cot with barely enough space for one person to sit, let alone enough for two to get involved. Instead there was a comfy looking twin-sized bed with an oaken frame that fit so perfectly flush to each wall that it had to have been custom made, and it was the only piece of furniture in the room because there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough space for anything else. John could barely close the door behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah felt, again, like she had stumbled into a dream, only this time it was someone else's - whoever had originally converted this storage space into the ideal spot for a lazy afternoon nap.  It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so great for evening sex, but it was certainly better than an airplane toilet. And I can still hear the voices outside. She thought that would be what made this special, that they were risking something, that they were so thinly stretching the boundary between their public and private lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope that window opens up,\u8221\'94 John said as he dabbed a few beads of sweat from his brow with his handkerchief. It was a warm night, and the room lacked air conditioning. He promptly took off his shoes and jacket, put his phone on top, jumped onto the bed, scootched his way up to the window, and pried it open. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better?\u8221\'94, Deborah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab The view overlooked the boat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red-metal water wheel, and outside cool air matched the cool evening light to synesthetic effect, as if the river\u8217\'92s breeze were casting light into the room, a pale and purplish turkish blue. Deborah kicked off her boots and jumped onto the bed, then let out a little squeal of delight as her thighs brushed up against the cool cotton sheets. It made her want to jump out of her clothes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can you lay there like that?\u8221\'94, she asked. Jake had propped himself up with pillows, and was content to just let the wind cool the back of his neck. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In that suit,\u8221\'94 Deborah noted as she unbuttoned her blouse. \u8220\'93I would be going mad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I loosened my tie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s -\u8221\'94 she paused to pull her blouse free over her head. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the sheets, they\u8217\'92re nice and cool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 snuggled up to against Jake\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cotton clothes, who was content to just lay there, propped up by pillows, content to let the wind lapping the back of his neck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab Shadows in the wrinkled sheets reflected the warmness of his suntanned body.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They have sex.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Fireworks interrupts: Almost immediately she heard a cannon shot - a thousand pounder. The first firework to go up was a thousand pounder. All eyes followed its ascent into the sky as it smashed through the clouds, finally erupting into a great, flaming ball of effervescent light, showering sparks like meteors that burned all the way down to the water. The delayed shock wave was enough to knock over the more thickly plastered partygoers. Those still standing cheered, then toasted the start of the show.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab John enjoyed imagining the radial bursts of fireworks as flowers, their shimmering petals being tugged back down like the real things. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like a floral arrangement!\u8221\'94, he drunkenly explained to Deborah.  \u8220\'93It starts with roses and sunflowers, then crescendos into a whole field of daisies.\u8221\'94 Deborah nodded and smiled politely, eyes fixed on the lighted sky. She wondered why there weren't more voluminous fireworks that might look like nebulas, before realizing that she was too far away to appreciate whatever fresh dimensions that might provide. With enough distance, everything flattens out and becomes simple. Unfortunate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The show climaxed with a great conflagration of white light that lit up everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faces. A small aspect of animal fear shook loose in Deborah during the shock and awe. She cozied up to John in the glow, a dizzy drunkenness fueling a concentrated sense of each other\u8217\'92s presence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s terrible to say,\u8221\'94 Deborah began, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92m glad The Experiment never made it back. Otherwise, we wouldn\u8217\'92t have met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jesus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Besides, The Experiment was never going to be successful\u8221\'94, John said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like a whole lot of people are going to die soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah just laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean, I know you don\u8217\'92t care, but it\u8217\'92s going to happen in New York.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deb, I\u8217\'92m the only person that would point it out. That\u8217\'92s why you need me. I think I\u8217\'92ve been put here to cure your boredom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any theories on why haven\u8217\'92t you found your \u8216\'91reason to live\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I just know that I\u8217\'92m depressed all the time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I\u8217\'92m bored all the time, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet you\u8217\'92re depressed because your bored.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, the brain evolved in a stimulating environment. Think of it like this: a stimulating environment is the software that the brain\u8217\'92s hardware runs. Nature gives the brain a lot of different, interesting problems to solve. When you remove the brain from that kind of environment, what happens?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lets see\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Deb pretended to wonder, as her attention drifted between the conversation and the gorgeous sight outside. \u8220\'93I guess the brain gets bored?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. See, the thing to focus on is that, the brain literally can\u8217\'92t do anything else but solve problems. So when you don\u8217\'92t have any problems in your environment - in the absence of any real problems - your brain will invent imaginary problems to work on. It then freaks out about them because imaginary problems only have imaginary solutions - and none of it has anything to do with the real world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re losing me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think that in the absence of any real problems the brain is just trying to create a one for you. We need problems that are out of our control.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, so, boredom is an imaginary problem that I can\u8217\'92t solve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong. See, the problem with modern life in the west is that we\u8217\'92ve effectively eliminated any and all threats that are outside of our control, so boredom is a very real problem, but I bet you\u8217\'92ve only been trying out imaginary solutions on it. Like, \u8216\'91If I could only vacation to the right place, or fuck the right guy, life would be fun.\u8217\'92 That\u8217\'92s why you get frustrated, depressed, when the reality is that it\u8217\'92s so simple. Just put yourself out into the world where real problems live, and it will all go away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just think about what I\u8217\'92m trying to tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a gift. It\u8217\'92s going to save your life. I\u8217\'92ll explain later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, but only if you promise not to talk about boredom, or whatever. A lunch with an agenda is business. That is boring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab John accepted, but only half-heartedly. She filled the intervening silence with soup-slurping and plans to get the conversation back on track. She ultimately decided on a more direct course. After all, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So then, I take it that you hate most people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93John,\u8221\'94 Deb said with a dash of disappointment, dropping her spoon in her already empty bowl for effect. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t hate anyone, I just don\u8217\'92t like the way humans - and I\u8217\'92m including myself - are put together.\u8221\'94 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, so,  if you had a button - I mean - pretend you have a button, and if you push it, a hundred thousand people will die in a spectacular and epic explosion, right here in the middle of Shreveport. That would get rid of a bunch of flawed humanity for you .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it? What happens if I don\u8217\'92t push it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing. There's just the pushing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not evil. I mean, why would I push it? To make this interesting you would have to give me a consequence for not pushing the button. If I don\u8217\'92t push the button, then the earth will die, or something like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope. There are no consequences for not pushing the button.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what\u8217\'92s the point of pushing it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s up to you. Has there ever been an instance in history where killing a lot of people has resulted in a net-positive for humanity?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re saying that this cataclysmic event sets off a domino effect that ends in world peace?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. You\u8217\'92re the one that's pushing the button, so its your web to spin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need more context\u8230\'85 It\u8217\'92s too hypothetical.\u8221\'94 She leaned in, nuzzling her nose against his cheek. \u8220\'93I thought you hated hypotheticals?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab John smiles, clearly pleased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, let\u8217\'92s make it a real.\u8221\'94 He then proceeded to pull a palm-sized plastic slide out of his suit pocket set it on the table. A little pocket of air formed underneath the clear film that stuck to its surface, creating a little button in the slide\u8217\'92s center.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, here is the button. Its tangible now. It is actually something you can press.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab As soon as John had finished explaining, Deb reached out and slammed the thing with her closed fist. She pretended to cringe in anticipation of some catastrophe, but after a few seconds of uninterrupted silence, she smiled and said with a more weighted disappointment, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, its not activated yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then activate it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on.\u8221\'94 John picked up the device and drew a zigzag shape onto the clear plastic frame. This seemed to change something about it, because the subtle glow that illuminated the little bubble changed from blue to red. He set the device back on the table, and began to explain. \u8220\'93Ok, so, you know how I work for Beksinski? Well this is- No! No wait!\u8221\'94 John yelled as he yanked the device from under Deb\u8217\'92s open palm. \u8220\'93God, Deb. Take this seriously! This will kill a whole lot of people! Even me! Take it seriously.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, ok, I won't touch it then. I promise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab John watchfully slid the device back on to the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean you won\u8217\'92t ever touch it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course not. Why would I? Even if a good outcome is possible, it's impossible to say whether or not it will come to pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why do anything at all? It\u8217\'92s impossible to predict the outcome of anything, even sex with a stranger. Especially that, I guess. So why do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probabilities, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. There is no difference. With every decision you make, you are trusting yourself to organize the consequences into something positive. This button only represents possibility. You have to trust yourself to forge its consequences into what you desire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93John, you underestimate the depth of my pessimism. I\u8217\'92ve already come to the conclusion that there is literally nothing we could do to fix the things I don\u8217\'92t like about humanity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you came to this conclusion by imagining solutions to your imagined problem? And what, you just couldn\u8217\'92t see it working out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, John. There are no solutions because our stupidity is biological, part of our hardware. The only possible solution is if we suddenly, spontaneously, evolve. And that isn\u8217\'92t going to happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough\u8221\'94, John said. He almost seemed to agree. \u8220\'93I see what you are saying. You kill a bunch of humans, then who is going to come in to fill the void? More humans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. The whole button thing is just dancing around the problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deb, you\u8217\'92re perfect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I guess\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab She pushes the button. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The shock wave caught her unawares. It blew her clear across the restaurant, pushing skin against bone, bone against organs, popping everything and killing nearly everyone. Following close behind was the hellfire, that invisible flame that vaporizes inch thick steel as easily as human flesh. This blast was only middling on the scale of armageddon; just 8,000 kilotons of explosive power, with a fireball measuring two kilometers in diameter and a kill radius measuring twelve. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Miraculously, one person emerged unscathed from the from the ruin. It was a young woman named Deborah McDonnell. The aerial pictures of her standing there in the ashen plain of a once proud city spread around the world as quickly as the news of the event itself, making it impossible for the global consciousness to separate the two- the woman and the event. It was as if the city had died giving birth to her, and that she was the reason, be it god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s will or the devil\u8217\'92s, that so many people had died.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 crowded as it was; Fifteen people on a twenty foot deck, but the language barrier was high enough . Even in the best of times, in the quietest of places, her english would stutter and snap back to points of clarification. It was simply too much work. Over the past week Deborah come to accept it, so now whenever she caught herself in a blank stare while her interlocutor locuted,  she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d try to interject with a smile and a shaking head that projected the universal sign for \u8220\'93Sorry, we\u8217\'92ve completely lost eachother.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In classic Deborah fashion, she had decided to make matters more difficult by sitting in the back of the boat, right next to the old and noisy Mercury engines. It was also the only spot onboard not covered by the boat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s awning, so it was open to the heat of the late-afternoon Louisiana sun. Deborah managed in the heat because she had squeezed into a Deborah-sized slot between two portable coolers, out of which she\u8217\'92d pull thin slices of ice to rub on her arms and legs and especially the back of her neck, where she let it melt so the cold water would dribble down over her spine and give her chills. The only other person who had adapted as she had was a}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 General inviolability of Ambassadors as example of law being applied differently to different people. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah hated seeing schadenfreude. It gave her the sinking feeling that happiness always comes into the world with an equal and opposite amount of unhappiness. She was afraid that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Balance\u8217\'92, capital-B, was the unifying theme of the cosmos, because it was even written into the very structure of the vacuum. When brushing up on Beksinski\u8217\'92s tech, she\u8217\'92d read that the charge of each positive particle that randomly pops into existence is negated by an anti-particle that randomly pops into existence right alongside it. She could imagine that basic principle propagating itself all the way up through the world of atoms to molecules to human moments, that happiness causes sadness somewhere just like light casts shadows.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0  The first metal lathe was invented to build pick proof locks. It was hidden in a locked basement for more than a decade and nobody could figure out how to make a competing lock. Finally, the employee who worked the lathe had a falling out with the owner and he started up a machine tool company. He based his protection on patents and virtually all of the major metal working tools we now know were developed in the next couple of years. Trade secrets slowed innovation and patents sped it up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A group of monks in the middle ages learned how to smelt iron to make it exceptionally strong. If you wanted strong iron you had to travel to the monastery and they would make it. The monks were sworn to secrecy and they kept their process secret for a hundred years under the penalty of sin. Finally someone else figured it out and high quality iron became a worldwide commodity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0  Defensive techniques include: monitoring patent activities of competitors to avoid infringing patents (since patent trolls are not competitors, productive companies usually have no way to find out about the troll or its patents until after significant investments have been made to produce and market a product); going on the offensive with counterclaims that accuse the patent plaintiff of infringing patents owned by the defendant (the mutual threat often leads the parties to arrive at a mutually beneficial cross-licensing arrangement); or a "scorched earth" defense designed to drive up litigation costs (which is equally ineffective because patent trolls plan for and have the finances to fully litigate a case;[40] in fact, some are able to draw onhedge funds and institutional investors to finance their patent cases).[72] Patent "pooling" arrangements where many companies collaborate to bring their patented knowledge together to create new products are also inapplicable to patent trolls because they do not produce products. It is possible to perform offensive techniques to ward off patent trolls with the open source release of concepts pre-preemptively to prevent patent trolls from establishingintellectual property on building block technology.[73]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The DTSA Provides for Ex Parte Seizures}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The DTSA makes the remedy of ex parte seizures available to plaintiffs, which allows a plaintiff to seek to have the government seize misappropriated trade secrets without providing advance notice to the defendant. This is perhaps the most controversial provision of the DTSA and there is no comparable provision in any state law. This is potentially an extremely powerful remedy for plaintiffs and is intended to stop the dissemination of a trade secret, especially to overseas, before its value has been lost through public disclosure. Because Congress recognized the potential for abuse of this provision, the DTSA prohibits copies to be made of seized property, and requires the ex parte orders to provide specific instruction for law enforcement when the seizure can take place and whether force may used to access locked areas. In addition, a party seeking an ex parte seizure must first establish with the court that other less drastic remedies, like a preliminary injunction are inadequate}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In considering whether a specific product, apparatus, method or composition of matter may violate a United States patent, primary attention is directed toward the issues of infringement and validity. Infringement in this context means that the particular technology falls within the patent claims. If the technology falls within the claims, the next phase of evaluation is to determine whether the patent is valid. If the patent is invalid, there can be no infringement, regardless of whether the technology is embraced by the claims.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Pennock v. Dialogue involved a process invention, and the Supreme Court ruled the patent invalid due to prior commercial use.68 The invention claimed in the patent resided in the manner of making a hose so that the parts of it that were joined together would be tight.69 Before patenting, 13,000 feet of hose had been constructed per the invented process and sold in the U.S.70 The Supreme Court affirmed judgment for the defendant on the bases that: (1) an inventor cannot resurrect a once-abandoned right to patent, (2) the Constitution confines patent rights to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93limited times,\u8221\'94 and (3) the primary purpose of the patent system is to promote progress.71 It would materially retard progress if an inventor could hold back knowledge of an invention for a long period, profit from it, and only later seek exclusive rights:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 2. Egbert v. Lippmann In the famous corset stays case, Egbert v. Lippmann, the Supreme Court ruled the patent invalid, though this was a patent for a product rather than a secret manufacturing process.75 The inventor, Mr. Barnes, had improved some corset stays and gave them to the future Mrs. Barnes.76 She wore them for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a long time.\u8221\'9477 He made another pair in 1858, which she also wore for a long time.78 When the corsets wore out, she ripped them open and reused the stays in new corsets, doing this several times.79 The Court stressed that this was a public use and that Barnes had 72 Id. (emphases added). 73 Id. at 23\endash 24. 74 Id. at 24. One should also note that in the AIA, Congress removed the provision of 35 U.S.C. \u167\'A7102(c) that \u8220\'93he has abandoned the invention.\u8221\'94 One issue is whether courts will distinguish between abandoning the \u8220\'93invention\u8221\'94 and abandoning the right to patent the invention. The Court noted that a single item suffices for public use; a use is \u8220\'93public use\u8221\'94 if an inventor gives or sells a device to another to be used by that person without limiting secrecy; }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Can use of the process be discerned from the end product? Sometimes this requires sophisticated analysis, other times it is not possible at all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Have employees left who are willing to disclose details of the process? Will the patent owner be misappropriating trade secrets by attempting to obtain this information?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Is there a sufficient basis for concluding that the alleged infringer is necessarily using the process? This could be the case, for example, if there is no known way to produce the product that does not involve using the patented technology. If this is the case, the patent owner may be able to sue for patent infringement by making this allegation and asking the court for discovery to obtain evidence of the infringement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In some instances, a subpoena may seek documents containing sensitive business information or other private information (such as trade secrets, private health information and social security numbers) that cannot be produced without some assurance of confidentiality. In these circumstances, the recipient may wish to withhold the documents until the parties enter into a confidentiality agreement that is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93so ordered\u8221\'94 by the court. A confidentiality agreement may also provide that the attorney-client privilege (or other applicable protection) is not waived when privileged or protected documents are inadvertently produced in litigation (FRE 502(d); see also Standard Clause, Privilege Waiver Clause with Claw-Back Provision (http:// us.practicallaw.com/2-501-4958)). The court where the lawsuit is pending has authority to enter a protective order governing the disclosure of documents sought in a subpoena even if compliance with the subpoena must be enforced in another jurisdiction (FRCP 26(c)(1)).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Where no confidentiality agreement exists (or none that is acceptable to the recipient), the recipient should seek to enter into an agreement with the issuing party after asserting timely written objections to producing the sensitive information. If the negotiations reach an impasse, the recipient can move in the court where the action is pending for a protective order (FRCP 26(c)(1)). The burden of persuasion for entry of a protective order is borne by the moving party (see Jones v. Hirschfeld, 219 F.R.D. 71, 74-75 (S.D.N.Y. 2003)).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The birth of every patent starts out as a trade secret. At the time of conception, the idea or information can only be protected by keeping it secret. However, a subsequent decision needs to be made to determine whether or not to convert the trade secret asset into a patent asset. The traditional approach is based on the NUN factors: novelty, usefulness, and nonobviousness. If the trade secret asset meets the patentability requirements, then the decision tree often dictates that the owner seek patent protection because a patent will provide greater protection. The owner of a patent is entitled for a limited time to exclude any person or entity from making, using, selling, or offering to sell the patented invention.1 In contrast, the life cycle of a trade secret depends upon secrecy.2 Disclosure of the trade secret to the public vitiates the trade secret. Moreover, trade secret protection extends only to confidential relationships and does not prevent independent development by a competitor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Effective Sept. 16, 2011, any patent issued on or after that date is subject to the defense that an alleged infringer "commercially used\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 the subject matter of the patent in the U.S. more than one year prior to the earlier of the filing date of the patent or the date the claimed invention was publicly disclosed.The expanded defense covers all patent-eligible subject matter used in a manufacturing or other commercial process.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Act expands the definition of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93commercial use\u8221\'94 to include:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Premarketing regulatory review, when the safety or efficacy of the subject matter is established}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Use by a nonprofit entity whose intended beneficiary is the public}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Commercially used, abandoned and then used again technology cannot claim the benefit of the earlier use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Also, there is a significant \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93University Exception\u8221\'94: the defense does not apply if the patented invention was \u8220\'93made, owned or subject to an obligation of assignment to an institution of higher education\u8221\'94 or to an affiliated technology transfer organization. Thus, if the technology is in a field where university research is active, it remains subject to potential jeopardy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Although the defense is personal to the entity that performed or directed performance of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93commercial use,\u8221\'94 it may also be asserted by any entity that controls, is controlled by or under common control with the original entity. The defense is also transferable as part of a good-faith transfer with the whole line of business to which the defense relates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not a litigator, but typically during litigation there is a "discovery phase."  The other party can request you provide the details of your process, even though it is a trade secret.  If the request is approved by a judge, your process will be reviewed by a third, independent party, which promises confidentiality. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In one well known case, inventors approached a large company about licensing technology before their patent had been issued. These smart inventors had the good sense to treat their as yet unpatented technology as a trade secret, and required the company to sign a nondisclosure agreement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After learning about the technology the large company told the inventors it wasn't interested, but subsequently incorporated the technology into the company product line without telling or compensating the inventors. Once the patent had issued the inventors sued for both patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ultimately the courts found the inventors' patent to be invalid, but upheld the trade secret misappropriation claim. The result was that the inventors received a multimillion dollar judgment they would have otherwise not obtained had they failed to treat their invention as a trade secret when disclosing it to the large company.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In USA law suits follow money. I've been sued 15x for trip-and-fall suits where people would travel 1000s of miles to come trip on my property.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I was wrong about money preventing you from having freinds. A dog will always be your freind. To test this hypothesis, lock your wife in the trunk of your car for a day, then do the same with your dog. Compare the responses when opening the trunk.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u249\'F9x\u236\'ECng, she thought. Unfortunate, in English. She liked the word because it helped her cope with life\u8217\'92s little needles. She could have blamed herself for winding up on Louisiana\u8217\'92s Red River, but she chose instead to focus on the fathat ct that this was the 22nd century, and that the whole, messy business of civilization had ravaged the planet long before she even existed. It meant that anywhere international intellectual property law could take her looked just the same, at least most places would. She had played those the odds and lost. The only thing she was really guilty of was having high expectations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u249\'F9x\u236\'ECng, she thought. Unfortunate, in English. She could have blamed herself for winding up on Louisiana\u8217\'92s Red River, but she chose to focus on the fact that that this was the 22nd century, and that the whole, messy business of civilization had ravaged the planet long before she even existed. The chances of international intellectual property law taking her to a place with no rust, or crowds, or billboards were low, so she was just unlucky.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was also the fact that she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been sexed in quite a while. One of the pleasures she\u8217\'92d been seeking was the American libidio, famously direct and obvious, playful just up to the point of rudeness. Instead it seemed as if she had stumbled into one of those rumored Finno-Ugric nations where everyone lined up for the bus five meters apart and didn\u8217\'92t dare speak to one another. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah had been there before so she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother him, though that didn\u8217\'92t much matter because his seesaw state was eventually disturbed by the sound of an old flat-bottomed bassmaster speeding up beside the pontoon boat. The noise conjured up in him images of a childhood spent on the river. He turned round to face the shirtless youths onboard and he raised his hand to greet them, to tease out that little joy of cultural familarity, but the act of waving his arm triggered an upward cascade of stomach acid and alcohol, forcing him to double over. The kids all shrieked as they saw the old man\u8217\'92s cheeks swell up right above their heads, and Deborah heard their little outboard motor shift into a higher gear, but on a fit of drunken grace the old clerk managed to direct the blast away and into the water. He only just missed them. The kids all pointed and laughed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Zh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u464\'69sh\u236\'EC b\u249\'F9x\u236\'ECng. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 H\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u283\'65n b\u249\'F9x\u236\'ECng}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Zu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u236\'EC b\u249\'F9x\u236\'ECng}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Gyres are spiraling circulations thousands of miles in diameter and rimmed by large, permanent ocean currents. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 More or less true also means more or less false.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The sky, at least, is nice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deborah Wu sat atop the boat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only cooler, with no one but a disinterested old clerk to keep her company. It wasn\u8217\'92t that the old man didn\u8217\'92t find her attractive, it was that he was too busy dry-heaving into the river.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was a considerable step up from the Beijing smog, but even still, it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite live up to her Beijing daydreams. Back home she would lean on her faux-oak desk, look out into the foggy day and envision a cloudless night, an empty canvas for the chromatic swell of the setting sun; red to pink to blue, with purple trees on the horizon trimmed in burning golden light - but the evening here ran yellow to blue to black. It lacked passion, it lacked stars, or haze, or trimmed anything, and the trees stood dead against the plastic looking atmosphere. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Maybe all sunsets start off like this, and the colors slowly change. She honestly didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know, because she had never spent the time to see one all the way through. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m 27 years old, then that\u8217\'92s roughly 9,855 sunsets, and I don\u8217\'92t even know if there\u8217\'92s more than one kind. It was so absurd that she laughed. She wasn\u8217\'92t embarrassed because she knew she just wasn\u8217\'92t wired in a way to find the slow, gradual change of a sinking sun to be worthwhile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I guess  I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m just not wired that way. The whole sunset process just takes too long and we are wired for instant gratification. If a sunset isn\u8217\'92t beautiful now, we\u8217\'92ll look later. Serotonin either flows or it doesn\u8217\'92t. It\u8217\'92s nothing to be ashamed of, it\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85 unfortunate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was unfortunate, because it seemed as if sunsets were one of the universe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pleasures that she would never really know. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the end she decided not to think about it any longer, though she did feel a twinge of excitement as they floated up into the city of Shreveport, because the colors were indeed starting to change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0  Back in Beijing, Deborah Wu would daydream about the United States of America. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lean on her faux-oak desk, look out into the foggy day and envision a cloudless night, an empty canvas for the chromatic swell of the rising sun. I can\u8217\'92t wait, she thought. Radiant daylight hours. It\u8217\'92s going to be beautiful. She had hoped to turn her business trip there into a holiday, at least, that was her excuse for staying longer than was necessary. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In truth, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91holiday\u8217\'92 expression didn\u8217\'92t quite line up with how she felt about things. It wasn\u8217\'92t dramatic. It lacked her sense of urgency. It didn\u8217\'92t reflect her fear that caffeine alone was not enough lubricant for the daily grind, that at the end of each day when her brain felt all grey and knotted, dry and brittle, like sunbaked clay, that it might stay that way, that by middle age she\u8217\'92d be leaving it in her office when it was time to go home, because the hours in between five and nine were a mirage, disappearing as soon as she stumbled into them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}