{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/justep-intext/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 Internalist vs. Externalist Conceptions of Epistemic Justification (Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy)}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are two debates in epistemology that can be described as a debate between internalists and externalists: a debate about propositional knowledge and a debate about epistemic justification. The\~debate about knowledge is\~primarily\~about whether propositional knowledge requires some internal\~epistemic condition, an epistemic condition (e.g., justification, rationality) that depends wholly upon factors internal to the thinker and her perspective on the world. Internalists claim that there is such a condition, arguing that it would not be possible to know, say, unless the thinker has sufficiently good reasons available to reflection (BonJour 1980). Externalists about knowledge deny that there is any such condition, either because they deny that knowledge requires epistemic conditions like justification or rationality (Audi 1995; Kornblith 2008) or because they deny that any such epistemic condition depends wholly upon internal factors (Greco 2010; Williamson 2000). The disagreement that is the focus of this entry is about whether the justification of any thinker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beliefs might depend in part upon external factors. Internalists about justification defend the view that justification supervenes upon the internal. Externalists about justification deny this. The debate touches upon questions about the nature of normativity and about the role that rational excellence plays in establishing a connection between thought and reality.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A brief review of the early history is needed to clarify the terms of the debate. Armstrong (1973) introduced the term \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91externalism\u8217\'92 into the literature as a way of picking out theories of knowledge that implied that beliefs might sometimes constitute knowledge without the support of a \u8216\'91justificatory argument\u8217\'92 (BonJour 1980). BonJour thought that only beliefs supported by the elements of a justificatory argument might constitute knowledge, but foundationalists thought that some knowledge might be immediately available without reliance on such an argument, either because (a) it seems plausible that certain forms of knowledge (e.g., knowledge of what we\u8217\'92re thinking or doing (Anscombe 1962)) do not require the support of any argument that the thinker could potentially offer, or (b) because it seems that positing some knowledge that does not need the support of a justificatory argument is a good way of addressing the regress problem (Audi 1988a; Sosa 1980). Armstrong\u8217\'92s externalist proposed that some knowledge might be possible without the support of a justificatory argument provided that certain \u8216\'91natural\u8217\'92 relations connect a thinker\u8217\'92s beliefs to the situations that make those beliefs true, but externalism can be understood more broadly as the view that there are possible cases of propositional knowledge where no purely internal epistemic condition (e.g., rationality, justification) obtains.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Notable examples of externalist theories of knowledge include the proposals that knowledge is nothing more than true belief (Sartwell 1991; 1992), that knowing that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a matter of the fact that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~being causally connected in the appropriate way with believing that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(Goldman 1967), that knowledge is true belief produced by belief-producing systems operative in the environments for which they were well-designed (Millikan 1984; Plantinga 1993)}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 , that knowledge is belief that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91tracks\u8217\'92 the truth in the sense that the belief would not have been formed by the operative methods had the belief been mistaken (Nozick 1981; Roush 2005), and that knowledge is belief based on \u8216\'91conclusive reasons\u8217\'92, reasons a thinker would not have had if this belief had been mistaken (Dretske 1971). The term \u8216\'91externalism\u8217\'92 seemed apt to describe these views because each view characterised knowledge as a relation between a thinker and a fact that can obtain even if the thinker had no available reasons or evidence to believe that the relevant relation held between their beliefs and the world.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 The knowledge question:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Is there any purely internal epistemic condition that is necessary for propositional knowledge?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The dependence question:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Is justification necessary for propositional knowledge?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The justification question:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Is justification a purely internal epistemic condition?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 If someone were to answer the nexus question by affirming that it is possible, by their lights, to have knowledge without justification, they would see that there is a coherent view according to which knowledge should be understood along externalist lines\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 even if}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~justification is something that depends wholly upon factors internal to the thinker.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The debate about justification is typically understood as a debate about a supervenience thesis.}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/justep-intext/notes.html#note-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Internalists maintain that there is a necessary connection between internal conditions and justification: if two thinkers are internal duplicates, the same things will be justified for them. Externalists about justification reject this. Their view is defined negatively. The debate about knowledge, by contrast, is not normally understood as a disagreement about a supervenience thesis. Facts about knowledge would only supervene upon facts about the internal if we assumed that internal duplicates always know the same things. Given the standard characterisations of the internal, internalism so formulated implies that the scope of factual knowledge is limited to facts that supervene upon the internal, but this view about the potential scope of human knowledge is not widely accepted. The focus of this discussion will be the debate between internalists and externalists about justification, not knowledge.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }