{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most of the ded pass into silence because not enough poeple have a point they want to use them to make}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anabaptists - martin luther\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s reformation hadn\u8217\'92t gone far enough. Luther had settled for superficial changes to the church. Nothing less than a wholesale remaking. Read new testament. Saw that it described the church as a small select group of dedicated believers, surrounded by a hostile pagan world, passionately dedicated to christian living, sharing everything that they owned with eachother, rejoicing in persecution, filled with the power of the holy spirit which manifested itself in visions, prophecies, and miracles, and fired by the expectation of christs immanent return. The compared that vision with the church of their times, and they found it utterly unrecognizable.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Baptism had become corrupt - new testament should be undertaken only by adults as a profession of faith, never by infants or children.  How could you be part of a select few, if you did not choose to join? Baptism is a once in a lifetime event, as unrepeatable as birth itself. Anabaptist baptisms were essentially statements that the whole of christian society were unbaptised heathens. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}