{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Stubble. - also not bluish pink because she is brown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Houses set up like a paint on a painter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pallet - a good painte\u8217\'92rs pallet, smears and shit. The little hamlet served the same purpose - a staging ground for the big thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Peach sauce pot-stickers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Familiarity breeds tax-exempt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t oblivious to it. He once saw an elder celebrant stand before one his paintings and say, \u8220\'93This work really moves me,\u8221\'94 and then made a show of walking away. A shine-bald judge said in turn, \u8220\'93I weep at every stroke of color,\u8221\'94 and then he flashed a knowing smile. These men rested comfortably in the knowledge that Mandrameen was a safe target for playful derision, maybe he was the only safe target, because it wasn\u8217\'92t really him they were making fun of - at least that\u8217\'92s what they said when they noticed little Mandri watching them. They said they were making fun of him, but his \u8216\'91Artist\u8217\'92s Temperament\u8217\'92, and really, that\u8217\'92s something he should be proud of. They said it takes a certain kind of person to push through the barbs and put themselves in front of others. It takes tough skin, unreasonable confidence, and a flair for the dramatic. Without any of that, an artist is doomed to live a life of sad obscurity. }}