{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I chop things}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beautiful earrior. Was put on this earth to chop.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you bring me back from the dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to ask Ayram that. Or maybe Elrahet. Usually we bring people back to bolster the ranks. But you, your dead body was a most auspicious discovery. Some of us Ayramun think it was an ill omen finding you already dead in our soon-to-be ambush.Whispers of demon and Shis and whatnot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you think I am, an ill omen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter what I think. What matters is what you were doing in that ravine, so spit it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m from Meskalam. I left and wandered into the Junei because I heard it was beautiful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful? The Junei plain? It has a certain charm to it but its not worth risking your life over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well I wanted to see it before I died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Could have waited till you were a little more prepared.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I really couldn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 moto\u8217\'92s mind starts to turn. Why would a young man not have time to wait to see something?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, you don\u8217\'92t have some disease, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is someone after you, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, nothing like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  unlike the highways which keep to the river banks or hop between oases, these roads cut through the vast expanses of the Sand, and that means exposure to the sun, the wind, and the heat - it is certain death if a pilgrim goes unprepared. The longer the road the deadlier it all is, though that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s only a rule of thumb because the worst Charnel Road, the Bazul Road, is one of the shortest. It sits just north of the Uncharted Portion and it runs up and over the crest of a low-lying range of hills. An eon of blasting sand had reduced those once proud mountains to a dump of gravel, and it does much the same to pilgrims who dare to make the scramble.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It only takes a full day to make the Bazul Road if you start at the nearest Hrkan outpost at Shahiz, but the Bazul road is a shadeless world of chalky gravel, white as bone, so the sunlight doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t disappear into the ground, it gets thrown right back up into the face. A pilgrim can\u8217\'92t even hide in her own shadow. She gets baked from below as much as from above.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Transition to Pyetle waking up to being dragged along in a makeshift sled on a charnel road?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Convo with Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a smaller skinny dude who is dumb as fuck. Mazyd.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Absolute huge-ass brute.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah is like, nope don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t talk about it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But I got to know\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Between you and Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I had visions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We all did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does everyone see the same thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think so. But it\u8217\'92s not something we talk about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The one thing that\u8217\'92s the same is that everyone feels differet. You get urges to do things you wouldn\u8217\'92t normally do. Maybe its confidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked behind them, and say that Mazyd was struggling along. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about Mazyd?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Seilsi?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Rghiz is a long way off.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in pretty bad shape. You think he\u8217\'92s going to make it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, I don\u8217\'92t know if you gonna to make it.\u8221\'94 Moteah looked Pyetle up and down, clearly unimpressed with his fitness. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know how bad it is out there. It\u8217\'92s not just the heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been on caravans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We ain\u8217\'92t keep to the roads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well if you\u8217\'92re concerned about me, then how is he gonna make it?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, nodding in Mazyd\u8217\'92s direction. Moteah stopped him, and looked in his eyes with intent.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, I\u8217\'92m tryin to get you worryin about yourself. Ya need to be. Let us worry bout him. For you, for now, it needs to be one step at a time. It needs to be that way for a while. Shits about to get real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked back again at Mazyd and wondered if the beaten man could hear their conversation. Mazyd was far enough down the face of the dune that if he were just another human, it would be impossible, but he was a Seilsi, and there was no telling what he was capable of. There were rumors that Seilsi had strange biologies, but these rumors always conflicted, so Pyetle never gave them credence. One day a man would claim he saw a Seilsi jump over a crowd just because he could, while another would say he saw a Seilsi struggle to get up into a saddle. Some said they could see through walls, others said they were nearly blind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was a lot unusual about Mazyd\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance - the hairlessness, the androgyny - but there was nothing that suggested unnatural ability. There were the strange tattoos, and perhaps they were working some magic into his veins, but Pytele doubted it. Mazyd just looked too helpless. No one infused with a magical force would drag their feet in the sand. No one who could see through walls could be ambushed and captured.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mayzd stumbled as he trudged up dune. His left leg buckled, and the weight of him As he fell he did enough to keep the bandages out of the sand, but his hip hit a rock and he . The two guys minding him moaned and cursed and yelled at him to get back up. Moteah looked on in disgust. She despised Mazyd. They all did, save Pyetle. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I could help with the Seilsi,\u8221\'94 Pyetle suggested.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, what did I just say. Worry about yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am worrying about myself. I\u8217\'92m thinking about how I fit in. It seems like none of you want to deal with the Seilsi - well that\u8217\'92s something I could do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask Pella about it.\u8221\'94 She turned back to the course and trudged along. \u8220\'93Come on, we almost there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone stops. Half splitting off.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like stopping but ok.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd needs to stop. Pyetle too - put bandage on feet to prevent blisters.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 About half the crew setting off in different direction. All the Ferzans + some others. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They aren\u8217\'92t coming. There\u8217\'92s too many Kackle trees over there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with Kackle trees?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re shade-givers. They\u8217\'92re afraid them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ferzans are afraid of shade?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They love shade. It\u8217\'92s the trees they\u8217\'92re afraid of. They think the trees spread out like that and give so much shade to lure desperate creatures in. They think the trees release a poison into the air that kills whatever\u8217\'92s sitting under it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do they? I\u8217\'92ve sat under Kackle trees all my life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, they don\u8217\'92t. I can\u8217\'92t prove it, but, they don\u8217\'92t. But most Ferzans think the trees are trying to kill them. They think the roots feast on the bones once they\u8217\'92ve sunk into the earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of their whole deal. I\u8217\'92m not too sure to be honest. Hard to get it out of them. But they won\u8217\'92t go near Kackle trees.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t make sense. Trees aren\u8217\'92t even living things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course they are. They move. Living things are things that move. They don\u8217\'92t }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 move}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  move, but they grow. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a kind of movement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Movement isn\u8217\'92t what makes a thing alive. Rocks move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not talking about falling, or rolling down hill. Trees move on their own. They\u8217\'92re trying to }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  things. Shows they have souls.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not talking about falling either. Have you ever been to the Sassa salt plain? The ground there is flat as can be for miles. There\u8217\'92s no rain. Dry as can be. No? Well I\u8217\'92ve walked across it, right across the middle of it. There\u8217\'92s rocks there, some small, some about a meter long, and sure, when you walk by them they\u8217\'92re still as can be, but they\u8217\'92ve got trails running behind them through the salt. They\u8217\'92re moving. Slowly, imperceptibly, maybe decades to move an inch, but they\u8217\'92re moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not lying. Rocks move. You haven\u8217\'92t heard of Sassa?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well it\u8217\'92s there. The Sassa salt plain. About forty leagues west of Chunran. You should go and see it before you get all assured in your narrow definition of Life. I\u8217\'92m telling you, listen to an old man, it\u8217\'92s not as simple as movement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is it then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s children. Living things have children. If a thing has a child, then it\u8217\'92s alive. If it doesn\u8217\'92t, it\u8217\'92s not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t make sense. You said that trees aren\u8217\'92t alive, but trees have children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You sure about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no, but\u8230\'85 well it seems to me that trees, plants, they just make copies of themselves. It\u8217\'92s a static kind of thing. There\u8217\'92s no }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 life}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That just seems absurd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know. I don\u8217\'92t really think about this kind of stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you, it\u8217\'92s the children. Sex is part of it. If the things have sex, they\u8217\'92re alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not the sex, it\u8217\'92s the killing,\u8221\'94 Mazyd interjected.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They look at Mazyd like, wtf bro.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you call it life,\u8221\'94 Mazyd continued, \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s gotta be killing something, doesn\u8217\'92t it? Anything can die. You can crush a rock with a hammer and you can crush a bug with your thumb, yet we say the rock is a thing and the bug is a life. Why? Because the bug kills other bugs. That\u8217\'92s how you know they\u8217\'92re alive. That the cost of maintaining a soul - it\u8217\'92s the killing and then the eating.\u8221\'94 That last word rolled through Mazyd\u8217\'92s beard like a saw.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t thought about that aspect of it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Makes sense from a Ferzan point of view. Trees are alive, so they\u8217\'92ve got to be killing something, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said, \u8220\'93Maybe all trees are killing us, slowly. Maybe that\u8217\'92s why we age. They\u8217\'92re releasing invisible poison into the air and we\u8217\'92re breathing it, right now we\u8217\'92re breathing it, and its making us age. We age, we die, we\u8217\'92re buried in the earth, and that\u8217\'92s when they feast on our bones. Maybe if it weren\u8217\'92t for trees we would be immortal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, \u8216\'91we\u8217\'92. You\u8217\'92re not human. You know, I know what you\u8217\'92re doing. I don\u8217\'92t like you. I\u8217\'92m not a barbarian so I\u8217\'92m not going to rough you up for the sake of it, but if I was, I would. So don\u8217\'92t talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe he\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93There are stories of desert hermits, holy folk, living for hundreds of years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo scrunched up his cheeks and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  is not true.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You seem certain,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93But how can you be sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo looked at Mazyd with a fire. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What did I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 just}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  say?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You said not to talk,\u8221\'94 Mazyd answered, \u8220\'93but you also said you wouldn\u8217\'92t rough me up. You neutered your command as soon as you gave it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  me to hit you?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Bullo asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s diminutive form.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd looked at him and said, simply, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you understand that I have to hit you now, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what you want. But there\u8217\'92d be no point. We Seilsi do not feel pain if we don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So if I were to break your ribs, you wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to feel it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d feel it. Though it wouldn\u8217\'92t be painful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well now I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 have}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to punch you.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Bullo, eager to test it out. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo punches him the side. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Little effect.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Seilsi don\u8217\'92t lie,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on. I didn\u8217\'92t hear a crack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo punches again. Clear, loud crack.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Instead of doubling over in pain. Sharp exhale, seemed to knock the wind out of him, but little else.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo is like, wtf.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m curious to see what you\u8217\'92ll do next, Seargent,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93Seems the long years of thinking with your fists has cowed you. All you need to do is promise me some small pleasure in exchange for cooperation. Incentivize good behavior. Did the comissars not teach you this when you came up the ranks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pleasure? I\u8217\'92m not}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 giving}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 you anything.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is there anything you want me to give you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t fucking call me sargent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent Bullo, bigger things than your peace of mind are stake. I know all the strategies, logistics, and capabilities of the Imperial machine. Don\u8217\'92t you want that information from me? Doesn\u8217\'92t Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll tell me how you plan to find the Jandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing is off the table.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what, I give you freedom, and you tell Ayram everything he wants to know? Actually that brings something to mind - why aren\u8217\'92t you having this conversation with Ayram? I\u8217\'92m just a foot soldier. I can\u8217\'92t give you anything even if you wanted it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The reason I\u8217\'92m having this conversation with you, not Ayram, is because there }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  something you can give me.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your protection.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Protection from anything or anyone that tries to kill me out here. For now, that means protection from the rest of the Ayramun. I know you\u8217\'92re not a barbarian, but the lot of them are. In fact I\u8217\'92ve heard how they plan to murder me before we reach Jughgar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who threatened you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, they didn\u8217\'92t know I was listening. I am not human. I can hear better than -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Mandri interjected. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure they were just\u8230\'85 expressing themselves. Ayram has said what he wants to do with you. He won\u8217\'92t allow them to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think they intend to get your leaders permission,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93In fact, one of them said, 'I hate the bastard more than I fear Ayram\u8217\'92. That sentiment seemed to steel their nerves together. By all appearances, they intend to go through with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They said the feared Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd description. Huge and grand in the eyes despite the pitiful body. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent, you know that one of the many reasons why we Seilsi do not lie is because it helps us treat with our enemies. We can get somewhere in negotiations if they }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re telling the truth. I\u8217\'92m not saying you have to trust me. I won\u8217\'92t insult your intelligence. But you can trust what we}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  say }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 as sure as you can trust the sand in the Hollow to blow east.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo tenses up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well if an Ayramun is plotting against Ayram, then that\u8217\'92s something I would want to know. It\u8217\'92s not Mandri here, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do we have an agreement?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If an Ayramun wants to kill you, there\u8217\'92s not much I\u8217\'92m going to be able to do about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If these were men were like you, Sargent, men of resolve, then I would agree. But these are men of opportunity. Simple countermeasures should suffice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We Ayramun lack many things, but one thing we\u8217\'92ve got buckets of is conviction. Really, that\u8217\'92s }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not so sure about that. Irregardless, you are my best option for protecting myself. I can\u8217\'92t exactly ask them for forgiveness for whatever they think I\u8217\'92ve done to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What they }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 think}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve done to them? You don\u8217\'92t have any idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You feel no guilt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Virtue without terror is impotent, Sargent. Do you not agree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expected equivication, shifting of blame. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think I\u8217\'92m out here? Sick dicks like you running things in the empire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t expect you to like me, Sargent. I do expect you\u8217\'92ll fill your end of the bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll talk to Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Keep our agreement between us. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I keep nothing from Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I would feel better about our relationship if you didn\u8217\'92t - and that\u8217\'92s ultimately your goal here, no? The game within the game. It\u8217\'92s not about getting what you want from me, it\u8217\'92s about developing a working relationship, because only then you\u8217\'92ll get what you want from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about Pyetle?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I trust Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo gives odd look, but then, like whatever.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well Pyetle, go run off and help someone do something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need to go and do anything. Mandri led Pyetle up to the front of the column, where Ayram walked. Ayram carring Pella on his back like swaddling babe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle followed along behind. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sun setting. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Far away, the minting rock.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Life? Everything is alive, because everything is connected. Everything is the same thing. Think about it. Just because you can think about something as being by itself, in a void, dosn\u8217\'92t mean you should. We\u8217\'92re here, sitting here, but we\u8217\'92re together, we\u8217\'92re sitting on the ground. We require this food, this earth, and earth requires us. Look at what we\u8217\'92ve done to it. It\u8217\'92s all the same thing. Nothing exist in a void. It all exists together. Thinking any other way, and your just playing with yourself. Like the barber who shaves all men who do not shave themselves. Does he shave himself? Pointless to think about. It\u8217\'92s just a word game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}