{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It do when it come out the mouth,\u8221\'94 said another hardscrabble bloke with a voice like a bucket of rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bet it does!\u8221\'94 Tob roared. He then slapped his knee and killed the joke by hitting it square in the face. \u8220\'93Shit comes out its mouth because it's full of shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His belly-rumbling laugh was followed by a storm of obscenities that rained down upon poor Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 almost all the Ayramun joined in. Ayram stood silent, arms crossed, eyes delighting in realized vengeance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , a chest so cavernous that it seemed the words had already echoed before they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d even left his lips, giving the unsettling impression that two men spoke at once.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sight of it alone was sickening, for the once-white linen was stained brown and black, and tufts of rotted vegetative matter sprouted out between the gaps in the slap-dash wrapping, and oozing out alongside was a dark, unsightly ooze.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand shifted to the back of Mandri\u8217\'92s neck. The calloused weight of it swallowed Mandri\u8217\'92s own soft and sinewy self, and when Ayram gave a slight, yet terrifying squeeze, Mandri nearly yelped.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had seen a Minder only once before, and that was a fleeting glimpse. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never seen a Minder voice a command. His own word was never enough to compel anyone to do anything, so why it should work now was a mystery. \u8220\'93Tell the creature to kneel,\u8221\'94 Ayram urged.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram pushed the dagger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip into Obo\u8217\'92s flesh, more in curiosity than cruelty. It was a scene reminiscent of some sword-swallower\u8217\'92s trick\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the blade was inches deep in Obo\u8217\'92s neck, and while Obo\u8217\'92s whole body was tense his face was completely unconcerned. And when Ayram withdrew the blade, only a few drops of blood trickled out from the wound.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s more than that,\u8221\'94 Mandri claimed. \u8220\'93It seems to me that a Minder\u8217\'92s connection to their Mazid is a leash. Hrkan Minders are trained from birth to shorten that leash to achieve some measure of control. This old bag here lacks that training. Everyone here lacks that training. So it is no surprise that, with her, my leash is long. It will require time and effort on her part to focus him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If all you want me to do is kneel, then I\u8217\'92ll kneel. But I suspect you want more of me. I\u8217\'92m not going to kill for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what your Minder wills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s true, then you have nothing to worry about. You\u8217\'92ll get what you want in the end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This little bout of logic put another furrow in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow, and he let the dagger bleed Mandri just a little more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have something you want, and you have something that I want. And it\u8217\'92s worth considering what happened to my last Minder when\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we bargain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few chuckles rose from the Ayramun, and Mandri thought he knew why\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram was big enough to simply take what he wanted. Like Tob had said, everything here was his. Ayram stared Mandri square and put quite bluntly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t call it bargaining,\u8221\'94 Mandri replied. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll share gestures of goodwill. We can start small, if you like. I would gladly kneel before you if you would only show me some kindness in return. I don\u8217\'92t ask for much, as kneeling is no great demand. Give me a mouthful of water and I will kneel. I will grovel, if you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll grovel?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram considered the offer, then snapped his fingers at one of the nearby Ayramun and demanded their waterskin. The skin was tossed, Ayram snatched it out of the air, and he unplugged the cork and took a drink. His beard bulged as he swished the water around his mouth, and after he swallowed and smacked his lips he wondered aloud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know a Mazid needed water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Mandri answered. \u8220\'93And without a Spark in my stomach, I don\u8217\'92t need food either. Again, this is about demonstrating a principle. I am not asking for water so much as asking for a sign of goodwill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you first,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Give us a gesture of goodwill. To demonstrate the principle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri promptly dropped to one knee and bowed his head. And there was no mockery in it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this bend of body and limb was honest, pure obeisance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So he prefers the carrot to the stick,\u8221\'94 Ayram mused as he took a moment to appreciate the gesture. \u8220\'93But it goes against my nature to share water with a creature who bargains for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram let this little betrayal of trust hang in the air. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until Mandri raised his eyes in aggravation that Ayram tossed the waterskin. A chorus of mumbled grumbles sounded out as the waterskin, that sign of goodwill, flew through the air and landed against Mandri\u8217\'92s genuflecting knee. Ayram silenced his people\u8217\'92s complaints with a glare, meanwhile Mandri simply nodded his thanks and set the skin aside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what will it be, then?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked. \u8220\'93What will you take in exchange for killing my enemies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I...\u8221\'94 Mandri said, then paused. I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laugh was a bellowing slap, and when the sound finished ringing around the pit he said with magnanimous charm, \u8220\'93I can see why they chose you for a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, you aren\u8217\'92t the only ones who want to use me to kill. However, I suspect you are the only ones I might be able to persuade into letting me free. What I\u8217\'92m trying to do is limit the damage I will be forced to inflict on the world at large. If you promise to give me my freedom, then I would use my fire to kill whoever you wish. After that, I\u8217\'92ll go my own way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram let this little betrayal of trust hang in the air. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until Mandri raised his eyes in aggravation that Ayram tossed the waterskin. A chorus of mumbled grumbles sounded out as the waterskin, that sign of goodwill, flew through the air and landed against Mandri\u8217\'92s genuflecting knee. Ayram silenced his people\u8217\'92s complaints with a glare, meanwhile Mandri simply nodded his thanks and set the skin aside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram let this little betrayal of trust hang in the air. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until Mandri raised his eyes in aggravation that Ayram tossed the waterskin. A chorus of mumbled grumbles sounded out as the waterskin, that sign of goodwill, flew through the air and landed against Mandri\u8217\'92s genuflecting knee. Ayram silenced his people\u8217\'92s complaints with a glare, meanwhile Mandri simply nodded his thanks and set the skin aside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words were heavy with righteous indignation, as if he were accusing Mandri of some lack of filial devotion. Unfortunately for him, Mandri was an old hand at shirking duties. Not that he believed any of this Amalgamete nonsense anyways. If there was a demon anywhere, it was surely inside Ayram, stretching his limbs and deepening his voice . He was unnatural.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As I said, in exchange for my freedom, I\u8217\'92ll kill whatever you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In exchange\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram repeated in disbelief. \u8220\'93This is useless. He simply doesn\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would be correct,\u8221\'94 Mandri, fearing an opportunity was slipping away. \u8220\'93But look. Say I kill your greatest enemy\u8230\'85now you\u8217\'92ve got a new greatest enemy, don\u8217\'92t you? When will it stop? That\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m worried about. If I had my own bright Spark, then my body and my will would be my own and I could walk away and leave the world in peace.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped into an incredulous arc. \u8220\'93You want me to forge you a Divine Spark? I\u8217\'92ve been mistaken for a god before, but never Solraheen Himself!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Spark was stolen from me. Could one not be returned in a similar way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes turned to the scarecrow witch, Elrahet. Naturally, the mysteries of the Spark were her domain. But she simply shook her head and stated, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Spark stolen can never be returned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it can\u8217\'92t be done,\u8221\'94 said Ayram firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not say }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped as her hand twisted tight on the knobby head of her sand-smoothed cane. To Mandri\u8217\'92s great surprise, she even savored a sneer at her leader. \u8220\'93Yet still, a Mazid is a kind of creature for which no true Spark exists. Giving it one would require a sacrifice greater than any. Better to wring the will out of the boy. The girl }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  wring it out of him.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ever heard tell of the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ever heard of a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if I ever see one, I will be sure to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy, I don\u8217\'92t speak of some nervy, feather-pluckin\u8217\'92 demon. I speak of a beast. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 The}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Amalgamete. What I want you to do is open your mouth and spit Mazidfire into its belly. Is that something you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be willing to do? Or do you need to bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}