{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78582"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 Adventures in Patagonia : a missionary's exploring trip by Titus Coan | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The interest you have taken in the temporal and eternal welfare of the now wretched and degraded natives of an unexplored region on the western coast of South America, between the Strait of Magellan and the Archipelago of Chiloe, has been highly gratifying to my feelings; and not the less so, I assure you, from your having derived the idea from the humble narrative I have just laid before the public.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 May extinguish your temporal self, for the betterment of your eternal welfare}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The interest you have taken in the temporal and eternal welfare of the now wretched and degraded natives of an unexplored region on the western coast of South America, between the Strait of Magellan and the Archipelago of Chiloe, has been highly gratifying to my feelings; and not the less so, I assure you, from your having derived the idea from the humble narrative I have just laid before the public. The harmless and inoffensive race of beings here alluded to are the migratory inhabitants of a country which is blessed with the most temperate climate, the richest soil, and the finest harbors on the face of the globe. It is true that at present these natives are more ignorant and debased than any other I have ever visited; but it is equally true that they are entirely free from many of the sensualities of the more enlightened, and are characterized by a mildness\~[Pg 14]of disposition and a child-like simplicity of manners which in my humble opinion renders them fit subjects for missionary labor. They are ignorant of the simplest rudiments of agriculture, never dreaming that the luxuriant soil of their beautiful country would grant new favors to their slightest solicitation. Should heaven so far sanction the benevolent feelings which originated this correspondence as to enable your Society to establish a Christian mission among these children of nature, I have no hesitation in saying that a very few years would change their idle habits and wretched condition to those of comparative usefulness and happiness; while such a result would richly and amply reward me for all the time, labor, and personal hazards I have encountered in collecting the information I have published respecting them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Guanaco Islands, you are aware, are situated a short distance from the mainland, the northern island being in\~lat.\~47\u176\'B0 31\u8242\'27\~S.,\~lon.\~75\u176\'B0 4\u8242\'27\~W.\~The most of these islands are of considerable extent, with spacious harbors between them. Their surface is low and level, partly covered with heavy timber, and on many of them there are beautiful plains of sufficient extent to raise produce the first season for several thousand natives; nothing more being required than to run a plough through a\~[Pg 16]rich, mellow soil and cover the seed with the furrows. These plains are now covered with fine long grass, heavy clover, and extensive patches of celery, surrounded by lofty forests of various kinds of excellent ship timber.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Up to this point all things looked favorable, and the voice of Providence seemed to say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go forward}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After prayers we retired to a separate room, and I, without a word of explanation, put Dr. Anderson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s letter into her hands. As she read, her emotion deepened, her tears flowed. What a change of situation! What an uprooting of fondly and long cherished hopes! For seven years we had waited, and now only three or four months remained before our nuptials were to be celebrated, and we were to go forth into some foreign field, to toil, to suffer, and to rejoice together in the vineyard of our Master. For a minute she was dumb. The struggle was intense. Soon, however, faith gained the victory. That full consecration which, long before, she had made to her Master and Lord assumed its power; her soul rose from the stern conflict of emotion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of hope deferred, perhaps slain. She took my hand and said, \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 My dear, you must go}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 In confirmation of his denial}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he stated that he had sailed up and down the whole western coast of Patagonia several times; had seen the bays, channels, islands, the mainland, and the natives; that he had sealed from the western entrance of Magellan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Strait to the island of Chiloe, and that the description of that coast by Captain Morrell was far from being correct. Captain Clift described the coast as broken, mountainous, wild, and the climate as often stormy. The ravines, headlands, cliffs, spurs, and precipitous sea-walls, [Pg 26]he said, rendered travelling by land along the shore impossible, and by sea in a boat very difficult and dangerous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93As for the inhabitants,\u8221\'94 said Captain Clift, \u8220\'93they amount to only a few scores, and these are the most wretched and squalid creatures I have ever seen in human form: small in size, nearly naked, having only the protection of a piece of seal-skin hung over the windward shoulder, and turning this from side to side as their canoes tacked or the wind changed. They live most of the time in canoes, paddling from rock to rock, and subsisting on shell-fish, seals, and dead whales which sometimes drift on shore.\u8221\'94 He added that there were no villages, or settlements of Indian tribes, along that whole coast; that the natives had no idea of agriculture, and that the land was unfit for tillage; in short, that it was the most dreary and inhospitable coast imaginable. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Our sympathies are much moved for a young sailor whose name is Charles Palmer, of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 N. Y.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~City. He says that he is a member of Dr. Phillips\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 church, of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 N. Y.}{\f0\fs24\b0 , but that becoming somewhat thoughtless he shipped on board the Mary Jane without the consent of his parents.}{\f0\fs24\b1  For this he is now very sorry, as he is often attacked with fearful cramps and convulsions, attended with delirium.}{\f0\fs24\b0  Mr. Arms, having studied medicine, administers anti-spasmodics and sedatives; and during these attacks I give up my berth to him, and sleep on the transom. He seems grateful for these cares.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Birds of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93south seas\u8221\'94 gather thick about us. The lively little stormy-petrel, called by sailors \u8220\'93Mother Cary\u8217\'92s Chickens,\u8221\'94 and the Cape pigeons are very numerous and sportive. The soaring mollemoke (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Procellaria glacialis}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) and the proud albatross (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Diomedia exulans}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) sail gracefully above and around us, often lighting and dancing on the rolling waves. The albatross is very large, often measuring from 12 to 13 feet from tip to tip of his outspread wings.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But ever and anon came a fierce, foaming billow, towering high and roaring as if to devour us. }{\f0\fs24\b1 This would sometimes \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93comb over\u8221\'94 and break,}{\f0\fs24\b0  striking on the stern, on the bow, amidships, on our quarters, or along the whole length of the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sides, sweeping our decks from \u8220\'93stem to stern,\u8221\'94 dashing down the companion-way, drenching the cabin, setting furniture afloat in wild confusion, and soaking our berths, our clothing, our books and papers, and seeming, for the time being, to have full control of the ship, the cargo, and the crew. These were fearful breaches, and it often seemed as if all was lost. But it was wonderful to see our little shallop rise like a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 40]sea-gull from such a crashing and drenching flood, shake herself from the foam which filled her scuppers and poured in cataracts over her sides, and like a storm-bird adjust herself for another charge of her marine assailant.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But all things in nature are governed by the law of compensation, and so it is with the laws of storms. Strong winds can raise the ocean waves\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 41]to a certain height, after which they have no power to elevate; but, on the contrary, as the wind increases it can only depress the billows by its great pressure, and by\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 uncapping}{\f0\fs24\b0 , so to speak, the waves and lifting their crested foam into the atmosphere in the form of spray, in which the sun in his brightness paints rainbows and makes all the prismatic tints quiver and dance in a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u235\'EBrial beauty.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wind uncaps the waves to spray their foam}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 the rays of the sun mild and grateful, all giving indications of the vernal season. But we see no\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 43]fields smiling under the hand of the husbandman; no gardens and orchards dressed in the blooming beauties of spring; no harbors adorned with the waving flags of commerce; no cities lifting their towers against the sky; no peaceful villages and dainty hamlets sprinkling the extended plains; no glittering church-spires pointing the weary pilgrim to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a better country.\u8221\'94 Art and science have never shed their kindly influences over this benighted land; nor has the \u8220\'93Light of Life\u8221\'94 yet dawned upon it. Here the fierce savage has roamed from age to age, tearing the flesh and drinking the blood of his prey. Generation after generation has gone down to the shades of death without a beam of light to cheer the dark valley, or a \u8220\'93morning star\u8221\'94 to give promise of \u8220\'93an eternal day.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 n habitation is visible: }{\f0\fs24\b1 all is drear solitude. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The hills over which we passed were of a dark sandy soil, very light, free from stones, and covered with grass. The meadows were a rich alluvium\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 48]covered with very thick grass, which grows in spontaneous profusion.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the old tore (dry grass) still remained in abundance, we found it easy to raise a great smoke to arouse the savages. But on and on we went with rapid speed, as we were all very anxious to find Indians before night: the Captain because he wished to sail as soon as possible, and we because we felt the importance of meeting the natives before the Mary Jane should leave. We entered a little ravine, at the head of which we found a rill of pure water, where we slaked our great thirst. Soon after we found a larger stream running through a grassy meadow.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~After riding rapidly for four or five miles, our guide dismounted, drew out two pebbles from his skin pouch, struck fire and kindled the dry grass around us. This soon made a dense smoke, which was the signal for the other savages of his clan to come down.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The miserable creatures are nearly destitute of food}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 men, women, and children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 watch us like hungry dogs, and beg of us with pitiful importunity.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Their clothing, as has been said, is of skins of the guanaco, dressed and made into mantles in the form of a blanket with the fur on. When these are old and filthy they harbor innumerable small vermin. To-day we saw one of these mantles spread out, with some six savages gathered around it. One with a club beat the fur side of the mantle, while the others watched the game as it was thrown out of the fur, seized and devoured it with greedy relish.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But hungry and thirsty, wet and cold, without tent or fuel, they will remain on the shore as long as a vessel is at anchor. They are eager for tobacco and other stimulants, for guns and ammunition, for bread, pork, and all edibles; but tobacco and intoxicants are the first articles for which they call, and their desire for these is fearful. The articles they exchange for what they obtain from ships are fresh meat of the guanaco, furs, skin mantles, and a few other things.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s probably puffed on intoxicants}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We are thrown upon their hospitality for our food, and upon their wills for our protection and our lives. But we do not regret it}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The native saddle is a simple and rough imitation of the Spanish saddle-tree, made of wood and without covering. The girths and stirrup-leathers are only raw-hide straps.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 68]The stirrup is made of wood in triangular form, and with only breadth enough to receive two toes. The spur is made of two small pieces of hard wood sharpened to a point, and rigged with leather straps so as to fasten firmly upon the heel, and tied on the instep. With these they often goad their horses until their sides run blood. The bridle-reins are raw-hide, attached to a wooden bit, which is tied to the under-jaw of the horse without headstall. With this rude bit and rein the horse is under the full control of his rider.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 On our way we saw many guanacos gazing upon us from the distant hill-tops, or scudding at full speed over the plain to avoid us.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Everything being thus arranged, we took possession of our little \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93tabernacle in the wilderness,\u8221\'94 and felt almost at home once more, though \u8220\'93in a strange land.\u8221\'94 Sitting in our tent door as the winds were hushed and the mild sun was sinking behind the hills, the people gathered around us, full of smiles and beckonings and wakeful curiosity; and even the little children, naked as Adam in Eden, were running and leaping and giggling in their evening gambols, often venturing near our tent, looking in upon us with curious eyes, and then with a jolly shout returning again to their plays upon the turf.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At 4\~P.M.\~the Captain and Mr. Arms returned hungry and weary, having ridden a great distance and taken nothing. As the meat in the camp was exhausted, the savages looked gloomy and the children clamored and cried with hunger. Things were looking dark, and we began to apprehend suffering. Soon, however, another detachment of the hunting party returned with three fine guanacos slung in quarters upon their horses. Then there was laughing and shouting, and all was\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 73]bright again. Before dark we were presented with a piece of meat well roasted for our supper.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the savages find their game so wild and fleet that it cannot be procured without vigorous exertions, and as they are supremely indolent, they are quite liable to get out of food, when their only recourse is to slaughter a horse. Though they caught three guanacos yesterday, all were consumed at once; for, divided among a hundred half-starved people, there was but a small pittance for each individual.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 nd as we feared that a neglect to notice the affair would embolden them to further depredations,\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~where they gathered fungus excrescences from old trees. These fungi consist of small globular masses, quite dry and tasteless, which the savages eat with their meat as we would eat popped corn. They returned at evening with small quantities of this insipid article, which they call\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 chouet}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and of which they seem fond. They gave us a little, and we eat it for want of bread or vegetables.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The tones of voice expressed great earnestness and animation,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 85]and were finely modulated for a public speaker.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Most of them are quiet and civil when they pay us a visit, but one woman is more troublesome than all the rest of the tribe; indeed we both agree that she is the most vexatious creature we ever met\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 86]in human form. She is large, ill-formed, dark-visaged, greasy, and filthy. These physical defects we could endure; but her spiritual composition seems to consist of all that is revolting in impudence and villainy.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All at once the storm broke upon us with double fury. Jezebel dashed our chest of medicines on the ground, breaking vials and doing much damage; then she threw off all our luggage and scattered it hither and thither, storming and raging like a fury. At once the clan began to resolve itself into two hostile parties; the larger number clinging to Lorice and his vixen, and the smaller ranging with our friend Louis. The war of words went on and waxed hotter and hotter, till it assumed the fury of a whirlwind. At length the vixen with her whelps flew at the hair and eyes of our friend, and he was thrown upon the ground, kicked, scratched, beaten, his hair pulled out, his ear-jewels rent from his ears; he was soon smeared with sweat, dirt, and blood. Louis\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s party came to his help, but the opposite side outnumbered them two to one, and the weaker party were roughly handled. Many were thrown upon the ground and dragged by the hair, with faces and limbs begrimed with dust and blood. The old\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 92]chiefs, Louis\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father and mother, tall, venerable savages of not less than seventy years, fought desperately for their son and his family. But they, too, were overpowered by numbers and thrown upon the ground.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 This morning \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jezebel\u8221\'94 came to visit us again. We had indulged the hope that after the fight of the memorable 29th her visits would be \u8220\'93few and far between,\u8221\'94 and brief withal. But all disputes being amicably settled between the belligerents, on she comes again. With face lighted up like moonshine upon a thunder-cloud, she invited me to go to her husband\u8217\'92s tent and receive a piece of meat. I went and brought the present; but it was only a few minutes before she returned and began begging this thing and that, with her characteristic audacity. It was a long time before we could get rid of her, and when she turned her broad back we breathed freely again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 97]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is the first visit we have received from any of th}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 face like a moonlit thundercloud}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}