{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon weighed heavily in Mandri\u8217\'92s pocket. It was there and it was always there. And he couldn\u8217\'92t think about anything else. Perhaps the witch was the cause of his fixation. The God\u8217\'92s Eye sight had revealed a world tied together by threads of purpose, and it had shown how Elrahet could cut these threads that bound him to everything else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was tethered now only to Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And perhaps the burgeon, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind being untethered to everything else, but that should be his choice, not anyone else\u8217\'92s. Waste away on a farm outside of Meskalim? That was his choice. This was too much. Elrahet had simply done what she wanted to do, like she was some well-adjusted person. Like Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was another thing he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop thinking about. What he\u8217\'92d seen of Elrahet, under the influence of the God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon, was indescribable. More than even Ayram, she was shrouded in blinding purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As Mandri walked he began to suspect that his inability to think about anything else was due to the act of walking itself. Something about forward locomotion prevented lateral thinking. It explained why outland pokes seemed dumber than everyone else\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too much walking. But it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explain why he could talk about anything while walking, and talking was much the same as thinking. And it didn\u8217\'92t explain Obo, who wasn\u8217\'92t walking, and yet he was thinking about all the same things. When he shifted around around in his litter and asked a question, well of course, it was about Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you make of the witch?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The question left Mandri speechless, and Obo asked again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said what do you make of the witch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you know I was thinking about her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri doubted it. Obo was too attuned to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s moods for it to be mere coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch is\u8230\'85she\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85do you know what I saw?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mentioned it only briefly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw white threads. Like spider threads, only they shimmered with brilliant color.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said the witch could see them too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She could see them and cut them. Each time she did, I changed. I can\u8217\'92t explain it, but\u8230\'85 I think she was changing the future.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that what we\u8217\'92re all trying to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, but I mean, she could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the future, and change it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we should ask the Ayramun about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!? No. Absolutely not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, something is going on which is clearly much deeper than what is going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean we have to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s ask Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Moto!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was walking not ten yards in front. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want?\u8221\'94 he called back without turning to look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 but Obo ignored him, and called out again, \u8220\'93Could you come here, please?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We want to know what kind of witch Elrahet is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto suddenly stopped, and when he turned around, he did so slowly, deliberately, as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been waiting for days to be asked this very question. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s asking?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93You or Mandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Both of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto looked over his shoulder towards Elrahet, who was some distance ahead, trailing Ayram. He cupped his voice and called out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93El!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch turned in her tracks and stared back. Her face was lost in the shadow of her cowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy wants to know!\u8221\'94 he called.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch drew an arc in the air with her walking cane, then continued on marching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means she\u8217\'92ll tell you at night\u8217\'92s rest.\u8221\'94 He turned back to the trail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The much anticipated night rest came quickly. Mandri helped build the fire, though his role was reduced to gathering fuel, as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91maker of the fire\u8217\'92 was Moto\u8217\'92s role, a role reserved for men. True men. Not Mandri. Evidently, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t strong enough to rub sticks together. But when the fire was finished, Mandri was allowed to sit as close to the fire as he could, and Obo slid out of his litter to join him. When everyone had gathered, Moto reminded Elrahet of her promise to tell her story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ask again, and I won\u8217\'92t tell it,\u8221\'94 Elrahet warned as she warmed her bony knees by the fire. Moteah passed around a bag of jerked beef. Moto was gracious enough to share a skin of beer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an unprecedented courtesy which led Mandri to wonder if this was a final meal. He took a nervous sip as the night settled in. The starry sky was bright. The air was pleasant. The soft hiss of the wind sprinkled sand. There was scuffle nearby as a squeaking desert rat met its end in the jaws of something or other, probably a lizard. At this point, Mandri wondered if Elrahet had died with her eyes stuck open. Then she grumbled, \u8220\'93Where to begin? It is likely that the boy\u8217\'92s mind is too polluted to understand.\u8221\'94 She paused and stared at the campfire\u8217\'92s slender flicks of flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will begin at the beginning. More might have come before the beginning, but who can say? Solraheen emerged into the Void, and it was Solraheen, the Spark, and the Void. Nothing else. How did these three come to be? None can say. No, not even the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Solitants}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She looked at Mandri as she envenomed the name of that religious order. Mandri pinched off a corner of a slip of salty beef. Elrahet watched him. He felt she was waiting for him to defend the dictates of the Solitants, and so he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the Solitants say that Solraheen came from the Spark when the Spark was pierced by\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take or leave my story, boy, but first it must be given.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She means, shut up,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen had to come from somewhere.\u8221\'94 Everyone stared at him like he was an idiot. Everyone but Ayram. Ayram was half asleep. So Mandri said, \u8220\'93Sorry,\u8221\'94 and he poked his pinch of beef into his cheek to show that he was done interrupting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was Solraheen, the Spark, and the Void,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, re-centering her story. \u8220\'93There were no days back then, there were no years to measure the passing of the age. It was an eternity. Solraheen spent this time alone. A hundred million thousand years alone. When He\u8217\'92d had enough, He uttered the first word, and the sound of the word shattered the Spark. From the Spark\u8217\'92s fragments, Solraheen created a garden world. He fashioned land and sea for His enjoyment. He created all manner of creatures for His companionship. It was beautiful, yet beauty loses its charm when it stays the same, for that was what He created\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Stasis. Order. Every day the same. Each new day was indistinguishable from the day before, and so His garden did not give Him pleasure. The dullness reminded him of the very thing He\u8217\'92d tried to escape, it reminded Him of that timeless eon shared with the Void and the Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In His boundless wisdom, He brought forth a new creation, one in which living creatures no longer merely lived, but they brought forth offspring. There were many generations, all of them different from their forebears. And He gave these living things brighter Sparks than they\u8217\'92d had before, such Sparks as we possess. In so doing, He condemned the living things to die, for the heat of their Sparks slowly burned and killed them. That is the purpose of death\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is the plow which turns creation over anew and gives the seedlings room to grow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might judge Solraheen for condemning all living things to death, but know that death comes for the sake of a deeper, flowing beauty, beauty such as Solraheen Himself never dreamed of. And He Himself would abide by death\u8217\'92s principles, for He truly believed that His creation must be free of His influence, that it might grow up to define itself on its own terms. Any proud and loving parent would die that their children might live to reach beyond them, so, Solraheen laid down to die, and die He did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a heresy Mandri had never heard. He blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen killed Himself? That\u8217\'92s not how He died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah smacked him on the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fished for sympathy with a pouty look, but even Obo was annoyed with his interruptions. Mandri shrank back, and Elrahet continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen laid down to die\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 He did not fully die. Against His will, His body awakened, possessed by a different mind. This mind was none other than the mind of Schisol.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a telling that went too far. There were acceptably familiar elements, yes, but the old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words were baited with blasphemous knowledge. Especially tantalizing was the suggestion that Solraheen and Schisol were of the same flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol awoke inhabiting Solraheen\u8217\'92s body knowing nothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no knowledge of the world or even of Himself, or even of Solraheen who came before. He wandered His brother\u8217\'92s garden as confused as any of us. As the ages passed, Schisol\u8217\'92s mind matured. He felt the heat of Sparked creatures and grew sorry for them. He saw how their every breath was invisible flame, how their bodies were burning, slowly, until death. He saw their endless cycle of loneliness and pain, and He came to believe that creation was a corruption. He correctly assumed that all Sparks had been shattered from a single all-white Spark, and from this He devised a cure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 loneliness and death would disappear if all Sparks were to be reunited together again in sacred communion. So, Schisol set about destroying the garden, killing all the living creatures and joining their Sparks together. It took Him a long millennia, but in the end He prevailed. The last thing to join with this all-white Spark was Himself. And so, He killed Himself, but He did not fully die, for against His will His body woke again, this time, in the possession of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen awoke into the Void accompanied by the single all-white Spark. He had no memory of what had occurred while Schisol was in control of Their body. He had no memory of Schisol. He knew only that He laid down to die amongst a beautiful world and had awakened into a Void. He was confused. Seeing no other to blame for the death of His garden world, He blamed Himself, and though His grief was immeasurable, He began His creative work once more. But this time He selected a number from amongst the creatures which roamed the world and invested them with Mind, so that they could, in His absence, act as stewards of creation. These were the first humans, and they wandered the land and sailed the seas and fulfilled their duty admirably, living peaceably with each other. Solraheen was once again satisfied, and as before, He laid down to die so that His creation could come into its own. But instead of dying, His body rose again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol,\u8221\'94 Moto muttered in child-like wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol awoke into His worst nightmare, for He saw that the all-white Spark had once again been split and fragmented. Another miserable garden had blossomed, trapping all the Spark\u8217\'92s splinters into a never-ending cycle of suffering and despair. Amongst the lonely creatures that roamed this garden were the saddest, loneliest, most terrifying creatures imaginable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 humans. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol set out to destroy creation for a second time. To hasten this end, He explained to humanity their suffering, how it was caused by the splitting of the Spark, and He enlisted their aid in destroying the rest of creation that it might be made whole. But some humans remembered their stewardship and the teachings of Solraheen. They remembered creation\u8217\'92s beauty. They resisted. Schisol inflicted tortures upon them, but this pain only transformed them into beings of tremendous power\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were the first of the lesser gods. They arrayed themselves against Schisol and His minions. A cataclysmic battle took place. All the lesser gods were killed, yet Schisol, too, was slain. But He was not completely dead. His body arose again, possessed by Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen awoke into a land laid waste by war. He asked the struggling humans what had occurred, but He did not understand their stories, for he did not understand His own dual nature. The people claimed that He Himself had   ordered the slaughter. While some men and women were eager to fulfill this dark command, there were those who had resisted. From amongst these righteous people, Solraheen selected a girl, one whom He trusted, and He made her His Envoy that she might preach and cleanse the garden of all corruption. Solraheen made her immortal, that she might maintain a thread of purity in His eventual absence, and together, they set out to regenerate the world. But Schisol\u8217\'92s minions, believing that their god had betrayed them, conspired to end Him. They summoned the first Amalgamete. This creature gave birth to the foulest of demons, a dark assassin with venom spun from shadows. Solraheen was murdered, but He did not die, He arose again as Schisol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was then that the truth of Their dual nature was revealed, for Solraheen\u8217\'92s Envoy ran to Him, thinking, of course, that she was running to Solraheen. When Schisol learned that His twin Self was responsible for creating the garden, for creating this world of suffering, His rage was boundless\u8230\'85those were dark days. When Schisol regained Himself, He came to believe that if He could send a message to His brother, He could make Solraheen see fit to end the senseless suffering. But as Schisol did not trust Solraheen\u8217\'92s Envoy to do the message justice, He raised up another young woman for Himself and gave her eternal life. He called her his Shadow, and with her, He shared His foul message, and then He ended Himself, that Solraheen might arise and learn the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Schisol\u8217\'92s message was ill received by Solraheen. As you might guess, Schisol\u8217\'92s Envoy rallied Schisol\u8217\'92s minions, and they murdered Solraheen, and thereafter came a cycling which lasted another long eternity. When the evil Schisol lived, Solraheen\u8217\'92s blessed were martyred and their purified Sparks transformed into gods who joined together to undo Schisol\u8217\'92s terror. When Solraheen lived, Schisol\u8217\'92s minions raised armies of demons to undo Him. In a desperate attempt to finish this endless struggle, Solraheen called down a piece of the Void, what your people call Fabled Black, and it fell from the sky as a meteor and obliterated Solraheen. He did this so as to prevent Schisol from ever rising again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the fight isn\u8217\'92t over,\u8221\'94 said Moto, pointing out the obvious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93We made a mistake. The battle still rages, for Schisol\u8217\'92s Shadow still lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So does Solraheen\u8217\'92s Envoy,\u8221\'94 Moto smirked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She does?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, and he was about to add, \u8216\'91Who?\u8217\'92, when he noticed that all eyes, including Ayram\u8217\'92s, were fixed on Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wanted to deny it, for no one could be so special, and if they were, they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be breathing the same air as him. But he\u8217\'92d seen Elrahet in the sight of The God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon. If she was immortal, if she was Solraheen\u8217\'92s chosen, well that had explanatory power\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that fantastic raiment of light which she wore could only be explained as an accumulation of purpose as the ages wound themselves around her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And the story explained Pel, that evil witch. She must be Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Shadow. What else could these two witchy sisters with golden knives be but priestesses for the twin brother gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dead gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This meant Elrahet and Pel were the closest things to divinity walking the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Them, and the Amalgamete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If it were true.}}