{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of nature has failed. The problem was always the same\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the subject is too complex. Beauty is out there in the world and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s connected with everything else. One cannot stalk and kill beauty, and then stitch its hide to a frame. To do that, you\u8217\'92d have to kill everything, and that is impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s also wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri burped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took another swig of the burgeon hooch that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left steeping in a hole in the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, every painting was a crime against Nature. Imagine reducing a leaf to a fleck of green. A living leaf, its complexity, its pattern, its anastomosing veins pumped full of vital fluids, its birth and death, its fall from the branch, its decay into dirt, that whole nested universe, that complexity, reduced to a fleck of green. Reduced, because art is seduction, and so the artist directs attention away from what is really there to focus on what they want they want the world to see. One might paint an oasis, and look, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a naked woman bathing in the mossy water. Rendering that leaf, giving it light and shadow and form, that would only distract the eye from the droplets of jade gleaming on her cinnamon skin. The sensible thing to do, if one must paint the leaf, was to slightly feather its edge into the sky so that eye didn\u8217\'92t get snagged on a hard line of verdant green set against a chalky blue. Blame it on the effects of atmospheric haze. Perhaps move the leaf and tree altogether if they don\u8217\'92t slide a wandering eye down towards that temptress\u8217\'92 stare. At that point, go ahead and remove the leaf and tree entirely. Erase all evidence of the crime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Really, the whole project was absurd. Some madness must possess a person to say to the creator, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to see it in my own}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 hand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go and paint all this,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he swept his hand across the horizon. \u8220\'93Take as long as you like. Take a lifetime. Take ten lifetimes! Then\u8230\'85 and then\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then he forgot what he was on about because Gil wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t listening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil was an ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had rescued Gil from a leech farm right outside of Meskalim. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found the poor old beast withers-deep in a swamp, tied to a frame. The ropes kept Gil snug while leeches fed on him. Two wooden bars propped him up, to keep him from collapsing into the murk from pain and exhaustion. Nowadays, Gil spent his time napping in the barren field that was Mandri\u8217\'92s farm. His big, dozing breaths rolled his yellow hide back and forth over his sagging spine. As Mandri was spiked up on burgeons, the sight of that rolling hide was a sight to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s short hairs were swirling. A more intense, boiling swirl was something that only happened when Mandri sipped black-eye burgeons, and only then if he picked them fresh and got to the juice before it was exposed to the air. These down-valley burgeons did things differently. They\u8217\'92d make textures swirl, edges bleed, but their chief effect was that anything bright would sparkle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Gil\u8217\'92s stubby white horns, the sunlight filtering through the drifting boughs of the hornscrub tree overhead, the puffs of cloud in the sky, pretty much everything that wasn\u8217\'92t hidden in shadow would sparkle. The effect was less pronounced when the burgeon was mixed in with a nasty hooch like this, but that didn\u8217\'92t matter, because it was enough to make the salt stain on his field sparkle as it squirmed around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing the salt move like that made Mandri feel like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lost a battle to it. That salt was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 alive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . In a way, they were his children, like wriggling white mites gnawing on his dried-dead pole beans. He had fed them on his beans. Sol, wrapped on sticks like that, those plants looked so much like martyred pilgrims.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He nestled deeper into the tree trunk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace as a cool breeze caressed his cheek. He sighed a little half-sipped, absent sigh, the kind of sigh that he\u8217\'92d start to make whenever he was ready for a nap. He let his eyelids slouch as he watched the flies buzz in and out of Gil\u8217\'92s snout. The ox would snore and blow those fuzzy black dots out of his great big nostrils, and then those flies would zip back in to lick at the only reliable source of moisture that they could find in this godforsaken field.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you. I had to see to believe.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Burgeon spiked hooch had never given Mandri an extra inner voice before. Odd that it should sound like Vigram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go away,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The voice did not go away. It kicked him in the shin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pain pricked Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left eye open. A void was drifting some feet away, a brown blot amidst a sparkling, burgeon addled world. Mandri blinked, squinted, and this void resolved into a vision of Vigram, wrapped in a plain brown robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri picked up a pebble and threw it at the man. Vigram dodged it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps he was real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next instinct was to drink as much of his jumped-up hooch as he could, because no doubt Vigram would try to steal it. Then again, the man might not know what it was. It looked like milk. And it would be a waste to drink it all in one go as that would end in a blackout. What was the point of that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a special drink. Worthy of preservation. Mandri had made plenty of special drinks, but this one was extra special because it was right here, a thing of the present. He could maybe try to hide it, tuck the clay jug away somewhere, maybe just nudge it behind the tree, but no doubt Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wily eyes were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re drooling,\u8221\'94 Vigram said disdainfully. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wiped his mouth with his sleeve. Burgeons can make a mess of a person, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so far gone yet. A peculiar thing about this particular brew was that it left his wits untouched. Well, mostly untouched. Maybe a little touched. Toddler touched. Honestly, he wasn\u8217\'92t sure, but he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 felt}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  fine.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took another long swig of his hooch. The burgeonsight had the oil in Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beard glistening, and moving. His beard seem to flow off his chin like a waterfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ow!\u8221\'94 Mandri moaned as Vigram kicked his shin again. \u8220\'93Dammit, what do you want!?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You owe me,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. His teeth flashed as he spoke. His head pitched into a suspecting tilt. \u8220\'93I have big plans for you. Or I should say, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 we}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  have big plans for you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . But maybe he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, because it was only then that he noticed that Lora was here too, standing some yards away like a dutiful servant, hands clasped, wrapped in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry Vigram, but you don\u8217\'92t know me well enough to intervene here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, this isn\u8217\'92t an intervention. Please, by all means, fill your belly with that drink. Drink as much as you want. Eat all the burgeons in the world. I encourage it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Situation not adding up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  doing here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stool . Sits down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose I should lead with this: I don\u8217\'92t have a daughter named Lora.\u8221\'94 Vigram then pointed to Lora and said, \u8220\'93I am not related to her at all. In fact, her name is not Lora. It is Pel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it\u8217\'92s a lot to stomach, but we will come back to it. First, drink up! I mean it! The burgeon bush is a blessed provision from god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about what I said. Drink!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Would not continue until Mandri drank. So, he drank.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Studying the landscape, the dead stalks. A murmur, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am here\u8230\'85excuse me, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 we }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 are here,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said, nodding to Lora, nominally Pel. \u8220\'93We are here because you passed a test. You spurned this beautiful girl and rejected a comfortable life. Everyone else would look at you and see a hopeless young man, something like a worm, but I see differently. I see hate. See, I know that value of that. Hate is the seed of genius. It\u8217\'92s fertile ground. Have I explained this before? What makes genius? I\u8217\'92ll tell you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, hate has high walls so I\u8217\'92ll tone it down. I\u8217\'92ll say this: it\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 aversion}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . A person has to dislike what everyone else is doing in order to go through the effort of doing things differently. You see, everyone else,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 summon the masses, \u8220\'93Everyone is traveling down a wide and easy road which we might call \u8216\'91culture\u8217\'92. You see where they\u8217\'92re going, and it doesn\u8217\'92t look fun to you, so you make a new road. If you persist, then you\u8217\'92ve made a new road. Everyone else will look on and think, \u8216\'91how could he have possibly seen that route? He must be a genius!\u8217\'92. This why I\u8217\'92m so excited, because you\u8217\'92ve already taken the first few steps down an untrodden path. I want to help you get to where you\u8217\'92re going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93what in god\u8217\'92s name are you on about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Deflated. A look aside to Lora, or rather, Pel, and found no reassurance there because the woman was staring at Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93Let me try this; I will tell you a story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you need to listen to what I have to say. It\u8217\'92s valuable. Good stories are a kind of currency in this world. They can make people do things they wouldn\u8217\'92t otherwise think to do. In a way, the right story, applied to the right person, it can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 buy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to buy me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. No. I just think that I could tell you a story which would change your life. It\u8217\'92s a story about a wastrel. Maybe you know him.\u8221\'94 Vigram shared a wry grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I do,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m sure you do. You see, this wastrel, he had a father who was a carpenter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not in the mood.\u8221\'94 He tried hard to show he wasn\u8217\'92t in the mood by scrunching up his face, but high as he was, he knew his face could be doing things all its own. That was another thing about burgeons, they numbed the face, so he couldn\u8217\'92t tell if it was doing the opposite of what he wanted. He could be making kissy lips at Vigram right now and he wouldn\u8217\'92t know it unless he focused. He wasn\u8217\'92t even sure if the words he spoke were, because vigram\u8217\'92s eyes lit up, with a jiggle of his beard, and continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This wastrel\u8217\'92s father was not rich,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93Woe betide this poor man, his son was a profligate child. Whether it was burgeons, women, or friends, this wastrel spent his father\u8217\'92s money without caring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this story supposed to be about me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, this is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 my}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  story, Mandri. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  was the wastrel. Yes, I was just like you. I know it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to believe, but yes, I took my father\u8217\'92s money, the money meant to bring me up in this world, and I spent it on burgeons, women, and people who I thought were friends. My life\u8217\'92s prospects quickly came to nothing. When my father found out that I had beggared us both, his anger was profound. It might be hard for you to comprehend, because you don\u8217\'92t have children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me try to paint his anger for you. Given the rough nature of your current condition, you must have some sympathy for the idea that your existence is some kind of mistake. It lacks purpose. At least we can say that it is not perfectly clear what that purpose is. I would go further and argue that it is clearly obvious that we\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I speak of all of humanity, now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we have no intrinsic purpose. I\u8217\'92ll go further and say that I can prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri Lora \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he always like this?\u8221\'94 She did not respond, though she did react with some sort of movement, or at least, the .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, regathering Mandri\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Let me prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can prove that none of us are meant for this world. Think of it like this: if a man or woman ever finds themselves blessed with wealth and health beyond comprehension, what happens to them? I\u8217\'92ve seen it first hand, how impoverishing wealth is when a person gets it. I\u8217\'92ve seen it through the eyes of the Hrkan Lords. Without any real concerns to distract them, you might think that they are free to pursue their life\u8217\'92s intrinsic purpose and find happiness, but that\u8217\'92s not what happens. They become bored and angry. They invent enemies where there are none, because they feel boxed in. It is a frustration so thorough and complete that, I tell you this, they lose all sense. Think about that. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  think about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if wealth frees these people from the indignities of life, and they turn, naturally, into some aberrant husk of a person, then what does that mean?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you do see the implication, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram, I can barely see anything at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The implication is obvious\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at the bottom, we are empty. There is no intrinsic purpose down there inside of us. If we did have some purpose, surely our natural state would reflect it, and all the wealthy people of the world would be joyous people, not whatever it is that they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does any of this have to do with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, this is the backdrop to every story ever told. We have no natural purpose. What purpose we do have is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 crafted.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 made.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  That means it is something you can lose. I put it to you that losing your purpose is the greatest horror a human being can experience. It happened to me. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh, Mandri, you of all people should know this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think he was laughing. He was staring at Vigram\u8217\'92s eyes were alight. His great beard was. The man was truly feeling himself, growing a bit hysterical in the telling. Mandri caught this feeling and said, \u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s a purpose to all this, please get to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram sat back and smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I\u8217\'92m saying is\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ll say this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 most people make their family their purpose. My father was such a man. I was his purpose in life. To borrow a poetic turn, I was his challenge to the Black. In his eyes, he lost. Worse, his attempt was squandered. If I were killed, he could have moved into grief, but no, he had challenged the Black and the Black had answered back by turning me into the living embodiment of a life\u8217\'92s wasted labor. That was how he saw it. So, he put his carpentry to work\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he made me a coffin. He sent it to me. Inside that coffin was a note which said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t we all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! Yes, I suspect you already see where this is going. I might have been a wastrel, but I was a self-obsessed wastrel. I didn\u8217\'92t want to die. I saw the coffin and the note and became concerned. I began to see my father in every shadow. I couldn\u8217\'92t enjoy myself. Couldn\u8217\'92t bother the whores, couldn\u8217\'92t sleep in the same place twice. If you knew the man, you\u8217\'92d know what was coming for me. What can I say? I was a wastrel who couldn\u8217\'92t confront even the thought of a confrontation. What did I do? I ran away to find a witch to fix my problems for me. If a witch could predict the exact moment when my father would try to kill me, then I could, I hoped, avoid that moment. So, I went and found a witch, and guess what she did?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She bored you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s cute, Mandri, but no, she showed me who I was.\u8221\'94 Let this settle in. \u8220\'93I went to find a witch, and she showed me who, and what, I was. Think about that. Think about what that implies. Then look at yourself. If you only knew, Mandri. She could show you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Drinks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good. That\u8217\'92s goooood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I take it your story is done?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Far from it. As you know, the note in my coffin said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. That was a mere statement of fact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everybody dies. My father had no intention of hunting me down. He\u8217\'92d only hoped that the awareness of death might spur me into action, and it did. I don\u8217\'92t know he ever discovered what I\u8217\'92ve made of myself, but I like to think that the abatement of his despair would have been most sublime, for he had, ultimately, triumphed against the Black. Now, I want to say the same thing to you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 listen to what I say, Mandri\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you are going to die}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I certainly hope so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen to me,\u8221\'94 Vigram said as he scooted in close. More serious than anyone ever was. \u8220\'93Listen to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are going to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Uneasy pause. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now? No. Maybe. Tomorrow? What is the difference? You\u8217\'92re going to die, Mandri.\u8221\'94 A little shake of his head, as if that might shake loose the webs in Mandri\u8217\'92s will.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora is like a blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see,\u8221\'94 Vigram said to her. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s perfect. He\u8217\'92s right on the edge of complete abandonment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram shifted in place, like some servant reticent to speak. Moment he opened his mouth, Lora tsked at him, and then, darkening, she stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever killed someone?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri . A question like that demanded eye-contact. Behind this woman was wearing a mask.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about killing people?\u8221\'94 she asked. Her shape was concerning now, .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93The morality of something like that, it depends. Am I killing in self-defense? Are these, I don\u8217\'92t know, are they murderers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You believe that killing is a question of morality?\u8221\'94 Lora\u8217\'92s voice was growing more feral with every swish of burgeonsight. \u8220\'93Let me rephrase,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93How do you feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would be no great loss if everyone in the world dropped dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not answer my questions with questions.\u8221\'94 The unnatural firmness in her voice forced Mandri take another another drink, and as the burgeon bile trickled down his throat, this vision Lora grew taller.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, after licking his lips, \u8220\'93everyone should be judged on their own\u8230\'85what\u8217\'92s the point of this, anyway?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People are dying all the time,\u8221\'94 Lora said. \u8220\'93Right this very moment, they are dying. I don\u8217\'92t mean one or two, the deaths number in the thousands. Thousands are dying, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think of them. I do. It is my duty to ensure that everyone is dying for a purpose.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the question. Have you ever prayed to the good god Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have, who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The shape that was nominally named Lora batted Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flippant response out of the air. \u8220\'93Have you spoken the words yourself?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93I do not count a prayer circle where someone else does the heavy lifting. Have you ever run away to a quiet place and whispered words to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could not answer. The burgeonsight was coming on strong, now, and edges were starting to bleed together. This woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows were melting into her wrinkles. Yes, wrinkles. This was no youthsome beauty. Lora be damned, this was a witch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many burgeons have you eaten?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93You should see your eyes. You\u8217\'92re high as a blackbeak. But that is good. It is good. You can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She pulled from her black robe a brown paper booklet whose makeshift spine was composed of peeling wax and fraying twine. She flattened this crudity against her hip. Mandri craned his neck to see if he could read the scrawl on the cover, but of course the burgeonsight made that impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She opened the book and jotted down a note on one of the browning pages. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re fitting the mold, Mandri. Does that excite you? You\u8217\'92ve passed one test already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She laughed. Hers was a grating laugh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half cackle, half delirious groan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not how this works,\u8221\'94 she said, cherishing Mandri\u8217\'92s simplicity. \u8220\'93I do not pick someone to play a part. If you are fit for divine purpose, then you will make the choice which is to be made, and that is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her book and tucked it back into her robes. She stood up, and Mandri, thinking she was about to leave, whispered a chime of praise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you\u8217\'92re coming too,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I can already see the choice you\u8217\'92ve made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 --}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think he can see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I am aware.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, Mandri, in the spirit of being honest I would like to tell that I don\u8217\'92t actually have a daughter named Lora. Never did. This woman here, her name is Pel. She is a\u8230\'85well,\u8221\'94 he turned to this \u8216\'91Pel\u8217\'92, and said, \u8220\'93I think you should go ahead and show him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dire. There was a nasty squint in the shadow of her shawl, as well as a nose that was impossible to reason with. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too old, just sun-leathered, and dammit she was tall, too tall for an old woman. That was man\u8217\'92s air she was breathing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri figured she was strong too, because her back bore a large canvas sack that nearly doubled her size. And she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t adorned with the usual veneer of civilization\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no shine-black bracelets, or bangles, or silver hoop earrings, no makeup or red-thread leaves trimming her robe. The only ornament in sight was the turtle-shell hilt of a dagger that she kept fashionably crooked in her waistband. The rest of her tawny self seemed slapped together in a reed hut on the banks of the river Jek. Her robes were black, yes, but stained dusty brown all over. She was dirty, with perfect teeth, yes, a full complement of perfectly straight and sun-bleached teeth were sparkling. They practically outshone the sun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  it was hard to tell her mood because the burgeonsight had all her aged lines boiling in a cauldron of witchy weirdness. But there was something in it. She was staring at him too intensely. He was being beheld. Hers were a lovers eyes, or a murderer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, it was difficult to say because there was a fine line between the two and those irises were wiggling and popping like beans in hot oil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What keeps you here?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93You have nothing. Is it the ox?\u8221\'94 She stepped towards Gil and gave him a pat. Gil was awake now. His protuberant eyes were staring blankly off into the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Mandri simply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you won\u8217\'92t mind if I make a meal of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make a what?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t mind if I butcher and eat your ox?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri started up, bruising his hip on a root, but he pushed through the ache to firmly declare, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil\u8217\'92s not for eating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You named the beast, Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil mooed in recognition. Pel jingled her silver string, prompting Mandri to add, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not for sale either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch grimaced and tucked her silver back into her robe. In the same motion, she gripped the turtle-shell hilt at her waist and drew a long, black knife from an unseen sheathe. The sudden sight of this thin, curved blade drew Mandri up, and when she put it against Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, he shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing!? Let him be!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All things die, child. It is near enough this ox\u8217\'92s time.\u8221\'94 With her free hand, she lifted Gil\u8217\'92s head, and she scraped her knife\u8217\'92s edge up and down against Gil\u8217\'92s throat. The poor beast, eager to get in a good scratch, closed his eyes and lifted his chin higher to make sure Pel could scratch the whole length of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you put one mark on him,\u8221\'94 Mandi said, \u8220\'93You will regret it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would kill me to save your ox?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Without hesitation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel lowered her blade. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not good,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That is a score against you. If you have the stomach I seek, then you should be free from such attachments. Still, I suspect I can help with that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With uncanny speed she cupped Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout under her arm and reached around his neck with her knife. She plunged her blade into the ox\u8217\'92s flesh, driving it tight up against his jaw, then abruptly yanked it round to the other side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil let out a powerful bellow, deep and pitching. His whole bulk lurched backwards, pulling his head from Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grasp. He bucked as he stood up, knocking her aside, and he hoofed it into the dusty field, bleeding and bleating as he went, though he came to a stop just twenty yards away, blood pouring into the earth, apparently realizing there was nowhere to go. His look back was full of confusion at the betrayal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri snarled, picked up a rock, and he leaped after the old hag who sat watching with glee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One sharp elbow into his uglies sent him sprawling to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re not a eunuch,\u8221\'94 Pel said with an awful sneer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scrambled up to his knees and reached for Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe, but the cloth seemed to melt between his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then he saw something he could not believe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She flew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She flew, feet off the dirt, straight like an arrow; she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 flew}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  towards his dying ox, and once flying, she was nothing but a scowling head and billowing robe, dark eyes alight with bestial rage. The sound of her shriek was borne not from her lungs, but from the deepest depths of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She plunged head first into Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, tearing a hole into his belly as easily as if her nose were made of flint. Gil crumpled to the ground, and she went with him, her head and shoulders fixed into his side. And before Gil\u8217\'92s spine had the chance to spasm, she tore herself from his flesh with the neck of his first stomach clenched between her teeth. She spat it out, then ripped the rest of the innards free from their lining. Kneeling, she hugged the largest stomach up to the sun. Her lips uttered a speech as black as Fabled Black. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri clasped his ears, but he could not look away. He prepared himself for some final gross barbarity, and it came when Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chanting appeared to squeeze a bright speck of light from Gil\u8217\'92s stomach. She sipped this magnificence into her chest through pursed lips, as one might sip a too-hot tea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Satiated, she dropped Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great stomach onto the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tension in her shoulders melted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next thing Mandri knew, she was standing above him, her face a withered sponge of blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Time to go,\u8221\'94 she growled. \u8220\'93You can bring your drink.\u8221\'94}}