{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI useful for untangling your own thoughts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So:}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {fill in "He then observed his men" with a more vivid description: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t quite follow,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nor should you!\u8221\'94 Elrahet snapped. \u8220\'93Leave this place, and do not return.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Pyetle appeared to appreciate Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerity, but in the end he smiled and said, \u8220\'93Your insistence that I should leave only deepens my resolve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He then observed his men, then shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gather up!\u8221\'94 His command snapped the Skulsi out of their fascination, and they obediently gathered into their squares, squeezing shoulder to shoulder so long as no unseemly corpse was in the way. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {AI: He cast his gaze over his men, studying their faces like a gambler weighing odds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 measuring doubt, discipline, and the slow return of hunger for motion. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {less literary }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {AI: He looked over his men, checking that their attention had returned and that none were still caught staring at the witch. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {in the style of hemingway }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {AI: He looked at his men. Some were still watching her. Most were not. He nodded once, then shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gather up!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {rewrite in the style of hemingway: He then observed his men with an eerie quiet that encouraged them to give up their fascination with the witch.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {AI: He looked at his men. Said nothing. That was enough. They turned away from the witch. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle appeared to appreciate Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerity, but in the end he smiled and said, \u8220\'93Your insistence that I should leave only deepens my resolve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He then looked to his men. Apprehension was written on their faces. He said nothing, and his stillness moved them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }