{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwUrX_VOBcQ&t=422s"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 The Later Wittgenstein}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Meaning}
\par\plain {- How do words mean?}
\par\plain {Relationship between words and the world}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Witt says, in order to understand meaning, you have to look at how people acquire the meanings of words. Shift focus of language onto people. Human practices as the locus of meaning, rather than language.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Augustinian picture (from his autobiography)}
\par\plain {-you pick up language word by word.}
\par\plain {-the unit of meaning is the word.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Witt disagrees.}
\par\plain {Words in isolation are meaningless; they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re just sounds. The only sense in which a word can have meaning is as a part of what he calls a language game. }
\par\plain {He criticizes ostensive definitions - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8221\'94 - Say \u8220\'93apple\u8221\'94 and point at an apple. How does a baby know what a ball is? We point at the ball and say \u8220\'93Ball\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Witt says this cannot be right because; think about what you must already know in order for an ostensive definition to work. You must already know what is going when someone points and speaks, you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just look at the finger confused as a dog might. You think you know how to use this activity to acquire new information. If you point at a table, and say \u8220\'93table\u8221\'94, how does the child know that you aren\u8217\'92t meaning \u8216\'91brown\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91flat\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91furniture\u8217\'92; you must share a whole host of assumptions with the person teaching you in order for them to teach you at all. So you can\u8217\'92t say you start with nothing; you have to understand the activity.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {So, the ostensive definition is an example of a game.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Famous example:}
\par\plain {Games as a metaphor. Family resemblance -> He is rejecting a standard practice in philosophy (socrates) when you seek the meaning of a word, the word has an essence which has necessary and sufficient conditions. What does bachelor mean? It is necessary that you be a man, unmarried, and those two conditions are sufficient to be a bachelor.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Games cannot be defined in this way. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Consider for example the proceedings that we call "games". I mean board-games, card-games, ball-games, Olympic games, and so on. What is common to them all?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Look for example at board-games, with their multifarious relationships. Now pass to card-games; here you find many correspondences with the first group, but many common features drop out, and others appear. When we pass next to ball-games, much that is common is retained, but much is lost. --Are they all 'amusing'? Compare chess with noughts and crosses. Or is there always winning and losing, or competition between players? Think of patience. In ball-games there is winning and losing; but when a child throws his ball at the wall and catches it again, this feature has disappeared. Look at the parts played by skill and luck; and at the difference between skill in chess and skill in tennis.Think now of games like ring-a-ring-a-roses; here is the element of amusement, but how many other characteristic features have disappeared! And we can go through the many, many other groups of games in the same way; can see how similarities crop up and disappear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85] How should we explain to someone what a game is? I imagine that we should describe\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 games}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to him, and we might add: "This\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 and similar things}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~are called 'games'". And do we know any more about it ourselves? Is it only other people whom we cannot tell exactly what a game is?--But this is not ignorance. We do not know the boundaries because none have been drawn. To repeat, we can draw a boundary--for a special purpose\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85] One might say that the concept 'game' is a concept with blurred edges.--"But is a blurred concept a concept at all?"--Is an indistinct photograph a picture of a person at all? Is it even always an advantage to replace an indistinct picture by a sharp one? Isn't the indistinct one often exactly what we need?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This rids him the obligation of giving a clear definition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Structure of language}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 OLD- calculus-like, Contains hidden structure or essence. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 WITT- there is no single thing called language which has an essence which can be revealed. There are all these different language games. In fact, you have two different games that use the same word. If you take the word out of one game and insert it into another where the rules for its use are different, this causes problems.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {-some language games - asking questions, telling stories, singing, riddles, jokes, solving problems. All language games that don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a common structures.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {How does a word have meaning?}
\par\plain {OLD - denotation - the meaning of the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93apple\u8221\'94 is the thing itself. Embedded in the physical world.}
\par\plain {WITT- meaning doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t attach to the word. Get their meaning from their use in a language game. What captures the meaning of a word is understanding the rules for its use in a language game. Embedded in social life.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Form of Life - a culture, a set of practices, assumptions, something that a group can share and shapes their approach to life and the way they view the world.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The puzzles that we have are problems with the symbols we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve generated, not actually there in the world. A bit like a child\u8217\'92s drawing, where they don\u8217\'92t draw what they see, they draw the symbols (hat on top of the head instead of obscuring the head). The symbols of what they think the object are get in the way of actual perception. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {So the way you actually learn language is being immersed in a form of life. You get the meaning from the use.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Meaning of expression > Understanding > knowing its use > having an ability > Rule Following > training > form of life}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Understanding is not something that happens in your mind; its not like feeling pain; we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say, how long did you understand the meaning of that word, how long did it last, when did it start, how did it stop.  Understanding a word is like understanding how to play chess. You can\u8217\'92t understand words until you are embedded in a form of life. The words come second.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {OLD - you have to know you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re following a rule in order to follow it.}
\par\plain {WITT - Rule following - done unreflectively. Has to be repetitive. Presupposes a custom. Constituted by repetitive collective use. You can think of a signpost as a good symbol for a rule, but the way a signpost works is because of our collective agreement to have it do that. The force of a signpost is not the word itself, its the agreement that we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve made to understand it that way.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 HUGE implications for cultural alientation and angst in people being excluded from a game.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {OLD - Understanding > Mental process}
\par\plain {NEW - Mastery of technique like chess. Apparent mental states are not actually states. Expecting - what is it to expect somebody? Isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just to have a peculiar kind of sensation; it is a bunch of behaviors that are public and open to view.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Saul Kripke}
\par\plain {-early 80s- published book on rules and private language; a lot of witt said you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not getting witt right. Kripke presents a clear argument and said this is Witt\u8217\'92s argument. People did not like. Called \u8220\'93Krippkenstein\u8221\'94. \line Kripke said witt denies the possibility of a logically private language. In principle impossible for anyone to know its meaning. How is that possible? In principle, if its about internal states. If you come up with words to represent your internal feelings; love;hate;jealousy. Because what we have knowledge of is our own experience. Do not have knowledge of if others exist. Skepticism; gap between direct awareness and the cause of it.}
\par\plain {WITT says there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no such thing as logically private language; because what you are doing when you are naming your own inner life, you are doing the ostensive definition internally (pointing and naming). But in order for my word hate to mean something, it has to follow the rules of the language game. But the rules are necessarily public. It needs reinforcement publicly in order to be said to be following a rule at all. So you cannot have meaningful terms for your inner private life. But I know what pain means, I feel it, and it cannot be felt by anybody else. My pain is my own. Witt rejects that the word pain denotes that feeling that is entirely private. Pain is a label for a sensation that only I have. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Our use of the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91pain language\u8217\'92 is a sophisticated form of behavior. Naturally we wince or flinch when in pain. To experience pain is to be part of a language game. Without that, there can be something going on with you that other people would say is pain, but to experience it as \u8216\'91pain\u8217\'92 ,you have to be in the game. To us it as talk displays mastery of the game of language attribution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We see emotion. We describe a face immediately as sad\u8221\'94 You directly experience emotion in others just as clearly as you do in yourself. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Challenging the Cartesian picture of knowing; absence of doubt. G.E.Moore gives common sense philosophy, that kind of standard of knowledge is ridiculous; If I know anything, I know that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have hands!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Witt sides with Moore common sense approach. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re still using this language of not knowing, and you\u8217\'92re connecting knowing to absence of doubt. Where there is no doubt, there is no knowledge either.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In what sense are my sensations\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 private}{\f0\fs24\b0 ? - Well, only I can know whether I am really in pain; another person can only surmise it. In one way this is wrong, and in another nonsense. If we are using the word 'to know' as it is normally used, (and how else are we to use it?), then other people very often know when I am in pain. - Yes, but all the same, not with the same certainty with which I know it myself! It can't be said of me at all, except perhaps as a joke, that I\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~I am in pain. What is it supposed to mean, except perhaps that I\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 am}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in pain? Other people cannot be said to learn of my sensations\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 only}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~from my behaviour, for\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~cannot be said to learn of them. I\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 have}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~them. The truth is, that it makes sense to say of other people that they doubt whether I am in pain; but not to say it about myself.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {OLD - you only know something when you cannot doubt it.}
\par\plain {WITT - you only know something when there is a possibility for doubt; otherwise it is just an existent state of affairs.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 This experience Mandri is having is showing his language game crumbling in front of the divinity.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In sum - justification can never be outside the form of life. Inside, it is just what happens.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {People call it relativism. To say \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Thats wrong\u8217\'92 is a judgement from outside forms of life who are using language in different ways. It then robs us of the idea of progress, the ideas of criticism of practices, those kinds of things. If Witt is advocating for an extreme form of relativism, as he appears to be, that is worrisome.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I think Wittgenstein is fundamentally correct about most people playing language games.}
\par\plain {But there is a layer underneath all of this which is the fundamentally real. Underneath the magic circle where the true understanding lies.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {hilosophers Who Combine Later Wittgenstein With Robust Realism}
\par\plain {1. John McDowell}
\par\plain {Position:}
\par\plain {Accepts Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view that meaning is rooted in shared practices (\u8220\'93forms of life\u8221\'94).}
\par\plain {Rejects the idea that this makes reality merely a product of language.}
\par\plain {Argues for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93minimal empiricism\u8221\'94: the world itself exerts rational constraint on our language games.}
\par\plain {Why he fits your criteria:  }
\par\plain {McDowell thinks we live inside language games, but they are answerable to the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s structure. There is a \u8220\'93friction\u8221\'94 from reality that prevents linguistic arbitrariness.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {2. Hilary Putnam (late career)}
\par\plain {Position:}
\par\plain {Embraces Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s anti\_essentialism and the idea that meaning depends on use.}
\par\plain {Still defends realism without metaphysical extravagance (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93internal realism,\u8221\'94 later \u8220\'93natural realism\u8221\'94).}
\par\plain {Claims that while our descriptions are framework\_dependent, there is a mind\_independent world that constrains correct descriptions.}
\par\plain {Why he fits your criteria:  }
\par\plain {Putnam accepts language games but insists they are not free-floating: reality pushes back.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {3. Charles Taylor}
\par\plain {Position:}
\par\plain {Deeply influenced by Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s later philosophy of language and social practices.}
\par\plain {Argues for strong ontology: human practices disclose real features of the world, not mere constructions.}
\par\plain {Believes that stepping outside a language game reveals non\_optional structures of human existence.}
\par\plain {Why he fits your criteria:  }
\par\plain {Taylor thinks language games reveal reality, not replace it.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {4. Peter Hacker (with qualifications)}
\par\plain {Position:}
\par\plain {Wittgensteinian through and through, but:}
\par\plain {Rejects relativistic or anti\_realist readings of language games.}
\par\plain {Argues that language games are grounded in objective human nature and the physical world.}
\par\plain {Why he fits your criteria:  }
\par\plain {Hacker insists that language games are not arbitrary \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  they are anchored in the real world and human biology.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {5. J\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCrgen Habermas}
\par\plain {Position:}
\par\plain {Accepts Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insight that meaning is use and that language is rule\_governed.}
\par\plain {Rejects the idea that this leads to relativism or anti\_realism.}
\par\plain {Defends \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93weak transcendental realism\u8221\'94: communicative practices presuppose objective validity claims.}
\par\plain {Why he fits your criteria:  }
\par\plain {Habermas says language games presuppose objective truth conditions \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t eliminate them.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {6. Bernard Williams}
\par\plain {Position:}
\par\plain {Draws heavily on Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s later views about practices and concepts.}
\par\plain {Still defends \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93absolute conception of reality\u8221\'94: a perspective\_independent world exists.}
\par\plain {Language games are tools, but reality is not constituted by them.}
\par\plain {Why he fits your criteria:  }
\par\plain {Williams explicitly argues that stepping outside any particular conceptual scheme reveals a more objective layer.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {7. Michael Dummett}
\par\plain {Position:}
\par\plain {Wittgensteinian in his emphasis on use, practice, and anti\_metaphysical method.}
\par\plain {Yet defends a robust realism about logical structure and semantic correctness.}
\par\plain {Language games operate within objective constraints of meaning and truth.}
\par\plain {Why he fits your criteria:  }
\par\plain {Dummett thinks language games are rule\_governed, but the rules track real logical relations.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u55358\'3F\u56809\'3F A More Radical but Relevant Case}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {8. Saul Kripke (in Wittgenstein on Rules and Private Language)}
\par\plain {Position:}
\par\plain {Interprets Wittgenstein as showing that meaning is communal and rule\_governed.}
\par\plain {But Kripke himself is a metaphysical realist: rigid designation, essential properties, objective modal structure.}
\par\plain {Why he fits your criteria:  }
\par\plain {Kripke accepts the Wittgensteinian diagnosis of meaning but rejects any anti\_realist implications.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {He is not saying:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is just a language game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Reality is constructed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Truth is relative.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {He is saying:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Reality is what it is.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{But our }{\f0\fs24\i1 access}{ to reality is always through our practices.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{And the idea of accessing reality }{\f0\fs24\i1 without}{ those practices is incoherent.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {He is a realist about the world, but a quietist about metaphysical claims that pretend to describe it \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93from outside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Instead, they argue:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b1 We can speak meaningfully about reality.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b1 Some language games aim at truth, not just social coordination.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b1 Reality constrains our discourse.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b1 There is a foundational layer of the world that is not a product of grammar.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u55358\'3F\u56817\'3F 6. Saul Kripke \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \u8220\'93Meaning is communal, but reality has essences\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Kripke\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reading of Wittgenstein emphasizes rule\_following and communal practice. But Kripke himself is a metaphysical realist:}
\par\plain {rigid designation}
\par\plain {essential properties}
\par\plain {objective modal structure}
\par\plain {Why he matters:  }
\par\plain {Kripke accepts Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s diagnosis of meaning but insists that reality has deep, language\_independent structure.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {5. Michael Dummett \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meaning is use, but truth is objective\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Dummett is Wittgensteinian in method but realist about:}
\par\plain {logical structure}
\par\plain {semantic correctness}
\par\plain {truth conditions}
\par\plain {He thinks language games track real logical relations, not arbitrary conventions.}
\par\plain {Why he matters:  }
\par\plain {He shows how you can accept Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s later philosophy without collapsing into relativism.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }