{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69546/pg69546-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69546/pg69546-images.html}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b0\i0 <$Scr_H::1>TOGETHER<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BY NORMAN DOUGLAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the silvery curtain of drizzle I glance\{5\}\~eastwards and recognize the old, old view,\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~I was lifted out of bed and placed on the window-sill to behold a wondrous thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sky all a-glister with livid rays. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is one to do with people, future candidates for government posts, who cannot tell the difference between an adverb and a conjunction, who, if you ask them to define a reflexive verb, gaze at you with an air of injured innocence, almost as if you had asked them to say what is the capital of China, the position of their own colony of Obok, and whether Chili belongs to Germany or to Austria? They learn none of these things at school; or if they do, it is in some infant class where they are forgotten again, promptly and forever. Instead of this, they are crammed with microscopic details, under the name of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Litt\u233\'E9rature,\u8221\'94 concerning the lives of all French writers that ever breathed the air of Heaven, and with a bewildering mass of worthless physical formul\u230\'E6, enough to daze the brain of a Gauss. What Mr. R.\{15\}\~does not know about convex lenses and declination needles and such-like balderdash is not worth knowing; his acquaintance with every aspect of Moli\u232\'E8re\u8217\'92s life and works is devastating in its completeness, and makes me feel positively uncomfortable. Now Moli\u232\'E8re was doubtless a fine fellow, but no youngster has any right to know so much about him. I only wish they had taught him a few elements of grammar instead }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is too late now. He laughs at grammar\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a frank, derisory laugh. In other words, my task is rendered none the easier by his serene self-confidence. He does not share my view that his English is still rudimentary, though he admits that it may require \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a little polish here and there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 covered with fresh snow wherever snow can come to lie among its crags.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At last my father could bear it no longer and slunk out of the house one afternoon on his usual pretext\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when anything risky had to be done\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of going after chamois. He rolled himself in his blanket at\{23\}\~the Sarotla alp, near the foot of the peak, and next day, somehow or other, set foot on the virgin summit. Imagine his disgust on finding there a\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Steinmandl}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , a cairn, containing a bottle with an affectionate letter to himself from \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93B\u252\'FChel-Toni\u8221\'94 who had sneaked up ages ago, all by himself, without saying a word to any one. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~insisted on \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93doing\u8221\'94 the Zimba once a year. It was a sporting notion; the Zimba did him, in the end; he lies buried in the new Protestant cemetery at Bludenz. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cleverest of all was the gentleman who lately achieved the distinction of dying from exposure on the Hoher Frassen. He ought to have left us word to say how the thing was done. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he may well have been the image of his father since, from all I have heard, he had the same character and therefore, according to a theory of my own, must have resembled him also in person.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Brunnenmacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laughing face charmed away hunger and fatigue and wet clothes and all the ills of mountaineering. It may seem far-fetched to apply the terms \u8220\'93ingenuous\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93childlike\u8221\'94 to the smile of a bearded monster of forty, but there are no other epithets available for\{26\}\~that of the Brunnenmacher. It rose to his lips, on seeing you; it hovered there day and night, waiting for your appearance. Doubtless he had a peculiar affection for me, as being my father\u8217\'92s son; everybody found him a lovable person. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His weather-proof good humor must have helped to establish his reputation as a guide; that, and his jovial blasphemies. They made you laugh, and a guide who makes you laugh has already gone a long way towards gaining your friendship. Once you persuaded the Brunnenmacher to begin some story of his, which was not difficult, you were sure to get an adequate amount of playful bad language thrown in. An infallible method of getting more than this adequate amount was to make him relate his experiences of a trip to America, and of the agonies of four days\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 sea-sickness on an empty stomach. This narrative bristled with swear words; it ended in a fixed formula: \u8220\'93Jo, Himmelherrgottsakram\u233\'E9ntnochemol, do honni grod gmeint i m\u252\'FCest ussm grosse Z\u228\'E4he uffi kotze!\u8221\'94 which might as well be left untranslated ... }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The younger Brunnenmacher first took me there, and how he managed to hit upon the precise locality of this grotto remains a mystery to me.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The curiosity of a man-made cave out in the wilderness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~a spot where you could discover a certain vitriolic mineral by the simple process of applying your tongue to the rock;\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It appears that two, a man and a woman, come from the Walserthal, which has always been famous for its crop of imbeciles; the third was born at Raggal, likewise fertile mother of idiots, because everybody marries into his own family there. These Raggalers are such passionate agriculturalists and so busy, all the year round, with their fields and cattle, that they refuse to waste time scouring the province for so trivial an object as a wife with fresh blood, when you can get a colorable substitute at home. Our particular idiots live, all three of them, on the road to St. Anne church, in that workhouse which, so far as I know, has sheltered from time immemorial the poor of the district, the aged, the infirm of mind or body. There is always a fine assortment of wrecks on view here. Sisters of Charity look after them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now of course you cannot have everything in this\{39\}\~world. You cannot ask, in a district otherwise so richly endowed by Nature as this one, for the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 fine fleur}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of imbecility\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 cr\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9tins}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\~ \~To see these marvels you must go further afield, to places like the Valtellina or Val d\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Aosta (and even there, I understand, the race is losing some of its best characteristics. These doctors!) But one might at least have kept alive a specimen or two of the old school, just for memory\u8217\'92s sake; idiots such as my sister and myself used to see, while rambling as children about these streets with the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Alte Anna}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , our nurse. On that very bench, where the modish lady was reclining to-day, or its predecessor, there used to sit two skinny old madwomen side by side, with their backs to the wall. There they sat, always in the same place. They were as mad as could be, and older than the hills. A terrifying spectacle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these two blank creatures, staring into vacuity out of pale blue eyes, with white hair tumbled all about their shoulders. One of them disappeared\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 died, no doubt; the survivor went on sitting and staring, in her old place. There was another idiot whom we liked far better; in fact we loved him. He was of the joyful and jabbering kind, and he lived near the factory. His facial contortions used to make us shriek with laughter. Sometimes he dribbled at the mouth. When he dribbled copiously, which was not every day, it was our crowning joy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old Anna, of course, knew by heart every idiot within miles of our home. She specialized in such phenomena. What she liked even better was anything in the nature of an accident, operation, horrible disease, or childbirth; she knew of it, by some dark instinct, the moment it occurred: she knew! and, being forbidden to leave the children alone, dragged us with her into the remotest peasant-houses and hamlets to enjoy the sight. Above all things, she had a mania for corpses and the flair of a hyena for discovering their whereabouts. As often as there was a corpse within walking distance, she donned her seven-league boots and rushed towards it in the bee-line, carrying my sister, to save time, while I toddled painfully after. Arrived at the spot where the dead body lay, she would first cross herself and then begin to gloat. We did the same. Who knows how many maladies, how many corpses, we inspected at that tender age! A sound education. For it familiarized us with death and suffering at a life-period when one cannot yet grasp their full import; it took away, for good and all, a great part of their terrors. We were never shocked by such things; only interested\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hugely interested.... }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 simmering and bubbling with contentment as you recognize the old things in their old places! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A short stroll late at night, down the main road towards Bludesch, in order to enjoy the scent of the fields....}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I look up at my old home; it is brilliantly illuminated; three different families, they say, are at present living there. I should not care to enter that place again. Then we pass the doctor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house on our left. I}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An age to take walks to just enjoy being about. What is done to him?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nd during convalescence he told my mother that my pulse was placid like that of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93an old cow,\u8221\'94 which it still is. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now ever since a recent date which I forget, when the upper Rhine misbehaved itself so shockingly that the Austrian and Swiss Governments were forced to undertake some costly works with a view to ensuring better conduct in the future, our own two rivers, the Lutz and Ill, which were likewise subject to devastating floods, began to be hemmed in by stone embankments more systematically and more remorselessly than they had ever yet been in days of old, when they also gave an infinity of trouble. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gone are the garnets and grasshoppers; gone is the charm of those pallid wastes. The economist gains. The poet, as usual, looks on and counts his loss. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 exchanged confidences }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~interspersed with pine-trees whose trunks of rose and\{59\}\~silver, struggling to obtain the same amount of light, shoot up straight as lances; sunny clearings and stretches of meadowland where the cattle graze knee-deep in spring; an undergrowth of junipers and other shrubs just sufficient to diversify the scene and please the eye\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never too dense: noiselessly one treads on that emerald moss! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes, in dry weather, this rivulet is blocked and allowed to flow over the parched plain. My first memory of it dates from such an occasion. There were puddles in the stream-bed here and there, puddles full of trout; and a number of Italian workmen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we employed a good many Italians at the factories\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were catching these trout with their hands\{63\}\~and eating them alive, as if they were apples.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The paternal grandfather who built and worked them almost to the day of his death must have been\{65\}\~a man of uncommon grit. I know little about him. A mass of family documents full of the requisite information, as well as other papers interesting to myself, were lost in one of those accidents which occur to everybody now and then; a trunk was broken open on a journey, the clothes stolen and these letters and things scattered or thrown away by the thieves. Small comfort to receive insurance money for the clothes! I would have preferred the papers which are now lost for ever. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His portrait in old age, engraved from a photograph on one of those shell-cameos which used to be fashionable, wears an air of clean-cut, thoughtful determination. They told me of his effective way with beggars. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Work!\u8221\'94 he would say, whenever one of them turned up with his usual tale of misery. \u8220\'93Work! I also work.\u8221\'94 The other, naturally enough, professed himself quite unable to find any work. Whereupon, to the beggar\u8217\'92s intense disgust, he promptly found it for him. These gentlemen learnt to avoid our house in his day. I also gathered that his favorite ode of Horace was \u8220\'93Integer vit\u230\'E6.\u8221\'94 That sounds characteristic. My own fancy leans towards the Lady of Antium....}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet three out of five village taverns are closed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 disastrous symptom, among so convivial a people. The depreciation of the currency.... There are men, respectable men, who have not tasted a drop of wine for the last year, which is a shameful state of affairs. Only factory hands and such-like can afford to pay the present price of 8000 kronen for half a liter. Less than that sum, namely 7000, was what our tailor gave for his two-storied house with a garden and field. We watched a pig-auction the other day (where else, but at Tiefis?). A young one, weighing about seventy pounds, went for 610,000 kronen. In olden days, they would have made you a present of him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Engerlinge}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the larv\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6 of the cockchafer, have been unusually active of late. This miserable worm which lives underground, gnawing away the roots, had hitherto been kept in its place by the moles. But during the war and afterwards moles were destroyed as never before, for the sake of their skins. A mole eats one and a half times its own weight every day; he prefers the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Engerlinge}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to all other food. So the larv\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6 now thrive, because the war was responsible for the death of the moles. One result of the war, so far as this little economic byway is concerned. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Our village elders have done their best to face the mischief. They have decided that every land-owner must bring in a certain measure of cockchafers or deposit a certain sum of money;\{111\}\~whoever collects more than this stipulated measure, is paid extra out of the sum deposited by the others; whoever fails to come up to the standard, is fined in proportion. The provincial government has also forbidden the destruction of moles, and to-day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paper, now lying before me, contains an eloquent article entitled \u8220\'93Spare the moles!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is too late. The village of Bratz (=}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 pratum}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), for example, is so sorely tried by the plague of these larv\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6 that a rich peasant owning, let us say, six cows, will not be able to cut enough fodder to keep them alive through the winter; his crop of hay is too impoverished. What shall he do? He is in the dilemma of seeing a couple of his beasts perish from starvation, or of selling them at their present value, although fully aware that by the time spring comes round and fodder is again plentiful, he will not be able, with the same amount of money, to purchase even a quarter of a cow to eat his grass; so rapid is the depreciation of the currency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this and other matters the peasantry, the backbone of the province, is being systematically ruined. The blow was undeserved. They were dragged into this tragic farce through no fault of their own, and are now paying for the folly of others. True, they revenge themselves on the rich factory hands and bureaucrats; they charge fantastic prices for milk and other agricultural products. The others retaliate by\{112\}\~burning their hay-huts. There was a good deal of incendiarism in the Bludenz district last winter. Mutual ill-will is the result. And their so-called betters, the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 rentiers}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~who, after a life of drudgery in office or elsewhere, laid aside sufficient money to build themselves a house wherein to end their days, are in still more pitiable plight. Such is the case of an old gentleman of my acquaintance at Bludenz, who had worked from the age of fourteen till after seventy, and had been able to acquire what seemed a considerable fortune. What are even a million kronen to-day? And how is he to earn more, at the age of eighty-six?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Altogether, these children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a shadow seems to have passed over them, witnessing the distresses of their parents. They are paler than they used to be, and graver of mien; far too many are insufficiently clad and unshod. An Englishman might think ten shillings a reasonable price for a pair of sound children\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boots; the native cannot afford 110,000 kronen, a sum for which formerly he could have bought half a village. Even the post-boy, a lively youngster who happens to be a grandson of that old gardener of ours, presents himself up here every morning without shoes or stockings. He has none.\{115\}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I glance, for further informative matter, down the columns of that paper which bids us \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spare the moles!\u8221\'94 and observe that it contains, among its advertisements, an offer by a furrier of two hundred kronen for each moleskin brought to him. This does not sound as if the provincial government\u8217\'92s decree were being enforced very drastically. The same gentleman is ready to pay exactly a thousand times as much for the skin of pine martens, which can be worth little enough at this warm season of the year. The animal is of the greatest scarcity in our neighborhood.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69546/pg69546-images.html#Footnote_15_15"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 15]}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They have anointed our boots with badger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fat, in case we traverse any wet fields. We are only going along the main road towards Ludesch. That bench on the old Lutz embankment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that bench invariably occupied by a poor hump-backed woman reading\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is sure to be empty at this hour. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~There was once a battle on this site, a sanguinary battle between two rival gypsy bands who used it for their camping ground and accidentally arrived both on the same evening; each claimed it for his own, and several men were killed before the matter was decided; our people were talking about the fray years afterwards. Further on, past the bridge, I murdered the first snake of many and found my first piece of phosphorescent wood. Here, too, stands the rifle-range which is connected with one of six clear memories of my father; he used to come out of the place adorned with paper decorations for his marksmanship and they even hung up a framed diploma of honor to him; the building was sacked two years ago by some local revolutionaries who disapproved of shooting in every\{117\}\~form and carried off the diploma, but forgot to efface its mark on the wall where it had hung for fifty years. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAT was a monster of an ant-hill. It was the largest, by far the largest, I ever saw in this country, and the floor of the forest all around was twinkling with these priggish insects. Anxious to have some idea of its true size and anxious, at the same time, not to have any of the nuisances crawling up my own legs, I made Mr. R. pace its circumference. It took him\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 sixteen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~good strides. And there they were, myriads upon myriads of them, hiving up for their own selfish purpose those dried fir-needles which, left alone, would have yielded a rich soil to future generations of men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have no use for ants, and cannot regard an ant-heap without yearning to stamp it flat (those made of earth are not difficult to treat in this fashion); without regretting that I lack the tongue and tastes of an anteater. And only in the tropics do you realize what a diabolical pest they may become with their orderly habits; European ants being mere amateurs in obnoxiousness. To do everything you are supposed to do, and nothing else at all; never to make a mistake, or, if you do, to be invariably punished for it\{124\}\~in exact proportion to the offense: can there be a more contemptible state of affairs? That is why, even as a boy, I used to foster the independent little fellows called\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 myrmeleon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(ant-lion) who built their artful, funnel-shaped traps in the dry sand out of reach of showers, just where our house-walls touched the ground; foster them, and visit them periodically, and feed them with these insufferable communists till they were ready to burst. But oh, to be an authentic anteater on a Gargantuan scale\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 omnipresent, insatiable of appetite\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and engulf that entire tribe of automata!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Presently certain regions became famous for certain game; in that larch wood between B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCrs and B\u252\'FCrserberg, for instance, which takes on such wonderful tints in autumn and which you can enter through a natural arch called the \u8220\'93Kuhloch,\u8221\'94 you might count on crossbills and on a woodpecker of\{127\}\~one kind or another (never on the scarce black one; it haunts the gloomiest forests). Of the lesser spotted species I shot two off the same tree at an interval of almost exactly a year\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 30 December in one year, and 28 December the next; a circumstance all the more singular, as I never in my life met with another individual of this bird in the whole country. Or, if you wanted a great gray shrike, you had only to go, preferably in winter, to the Scesa-tobel, that devastated tract west of B\u252\'FCrs which was just then beginning to cover itself with vegetation once more. Here you might also put up a hare; it was in the Scesa-tobel, by the purest of accidents, that I once shot a hare in full gallop at a distance of a hundred yards\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mere speck, he was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with a bullet. I confessed afterwards to Mattli, who was beating another part of this torrent, that I had missed him at close quarters with the shot barrel, and soon regretted having made this confession; there are things one might well keep to oneself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mattli never felt comfortable unless tracking birds; and his tales of how he shot a great white heron here and a bee-eater there, and something else somewhere else, were enough to make any one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth water. He took me in hand, during those lean and hungry years; what the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Brunnenmacher}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~had done towards fostering my instincts for climbing, Mattli did for the more destructive ones; and a greater contrast was never seen than between these two early mentors of mine. The\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Brunnenmacher}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~was short and fat and bearded and fair-haired and laughing, like many of them hereabouts; Mattli would have struck you at the first glance as something apart from his fellows, something primordial. He towered above the average height, he stooped from sheer tallness; the very scarecrow of a man, dusky, clean-shaven, sallow of complexion, with a harassed and hunted look in his eye and a voice that seemed to\{129\}\~come from caverns far away. A lonely, wolfish creature! I never saw him smile. His rarer birds he sold to Mr. Honstetter, the taxidermist of Bregenz, who doubtless disposed of them elsewhere and through whose hands passed nearly every curiosity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 l\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u228\'E4mmergeier, eider duck, cormorant, griffon vulture and what not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which had been obtained in the province or even further afield. He once offered me the skull and horns of a genuine Swiss ibex, and a beaver stuffed by himself which had been killed on the Elbe on the 10 August, 1886; he wanted 175 Swiss francs for this last. The only thing I ever bought there was the skin of an\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ibis falcinellus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~shot at Hard on the Lake of Constance; it cost me two and a half florins.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69546/pg69546-images.html#Footnote_16_16"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 16]}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 opened a fusillade of glances from his flashing black eyes, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~it is the foul sooty shale called\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Alg\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u228\'E4u-Schiefer}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , perfidious and friable stuff, not to be called rock at all save in the geological sense of the word. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 for it yields to pressure and slides down, and this is where a chamois has the advantage over us. A man may scramble about honest crags like a fly on a wall, as securely as any chamois though not so fast; on precipices of the crumbling\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Alg\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u228\'E4u-Schiefer}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~the animal leaps, and leaps again before the stuff has gathered momentum, and what shall man do? Avoid them, until he has acquired the capacity of bouncing like a chamois; in other words, like an indiarubber ball. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~It soon struck me as being rather a steep gradient, and not only steep but ominously alive\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ready to gallop downhill on a hint from myself; the mere weight of my body could set the whole mass in movement and hurl me along in a rocky flood. While making this sweet reflection I found, with dismay, that it was already too late to turn back; the least additional pressure on one foot might start the mischief; once started, nothing would arrest that deluge; its beginning, without a doubt, was going to be my end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was in for a ticklish business. Rush down the slope diagonally and evoke the landslide but anticipate its arrival? Even that was courting disaster. I preferred to remain in the upper regions and there\{147\}\~finished the long journey, with curious deliberation, on all fours, in order to distribute my weight; and then only by a miracle. It was one of those occasions on which one has ample leisure to look into the eye of death, and I now wish somebody could have taken a photograph of me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a colored one, by preference; one would like to possess a record of the exact tint of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s complexion during half hours of this kind. Whoso, therefore, intends to traverse the same place would be well-advised to adopt my method of locomotion; the upright posture is not to be recommended. A pleasant farewell to all things! Never a button of you to be seen again; to be caught in a swirl, a deafening cataract of stones and, after snatching\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 en passant}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~a few grains of scientific comfort at the thought that your human interference had modified\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if only temporarily\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the angle of a talus, which is not everybody\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s affair, to be buried alive at the bottom under an imposing heap of d\u233\'E9bris.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 148}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Was it downright bravura? That is not impossible! He had led an enchanted life among the rocks and ice, and a friend of his, an old gentleman whom I saw the other day in Bludenz and who was with him once or twice in the mountains, spoke to me of his contempt of danger; he said that while climbing he \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93seemed to tread on air\u8221\'94 and could not be made to understand what people meant by giddiness. Or was he stalking some particular chamois? In that case the tragedy grows almost intelligible; there are}{\f0\fs24\b0 \{}{\f0\fs24\b0 149\}\~few things a man will not do under those circumstances.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Story of hrk - spare the mole! Two streets down was a furrier }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4}