{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Believed it provisionally\u8217\'92- seb\u8217\'92s theory about ghosts and faces}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ambush sightspot was a wide midcliff ledge that offered a privileged view of the Scuttle road. It was the last sheer cliff of the Hias, with a tall rock face that went straight down into the clay. It was the perfect spot to keep a watch on the Scuttle Road. To the left you could see it snaking up into the mountains, and below and to the right the road cut through the ravine where the ambush lay, where Gugi had found the body, and then you could see every inch of the road as it wound around some foothills, black screes and outcrops of rock, before coming, at last, to the colorful Junei plain. Once out there the road gets lost in the shifting sands, but since it runs straight west towards the Wadi of Gelf, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easy for the mind\u8217\'92s eye to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi was up there next to Seb. He had claimed that he could see the coming caravan in the distance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Way far out\u8221\'94, he said. There were two other Ayramun up there on the ledge, two of Ayram\u8217\'92s Nearest:  the Zosan Moto and the bloodwitch Elrahet. Ayram himself was somewhere doing whatever Ayram thought was best. Seb thought he ought to know that there was a dead boy on his road, but Elrahet said not to go looking for him. She said, \u8220\'93Ayram will come if he needs to come\u8221\'94, and that was that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto was eyeing the distant caravan through a rock crystal lens which magnified the picture several times over. That lens was a small treasure, a clear little oval. Moto kept rubbing it with an oil cloth to keep it from fogging up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked through it and said, in his usual disinterested manner, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seems normal.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto kept one eye closed as he peered through the lens. He was squinting so tight that his  Looked almost so that his upper lip nocked up to reveal his. Brilliant white teeth. Those teeth were such a contrast to his black skin. They flashed whenever he talked. Seb thought that when Moto talked, it was like he was flapping a torch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure about that?\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hard to tell. Gonna have to wait a bit. Naught but a few black specks and a cloud of dust. Moving fast though. That is for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shaded his brow with his hand and tried to find their quarry. He traced a straight line out from where the Scuttle road emptied into the Junei, hoping, with his poor sight, that his eyes would stumble over the caravan as they traced that line towards the horizon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s hard to tell\u8230\'85 that\u8217\'92s not a good sign,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi ease Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worry. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re still way far out,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll know in few fingers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s couldn\u8217\'92t find them. His eyes weren\u8217\'92t just bad, they were terrible. If a thing was up close he could keep it sharp, but\u8216\'91way far out\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91not too far off\u8217\'92 were smashed together into a blurry haze he called \u8216\'91out there somewhere\u8217\'92. He looked for them anyways. He always looked because he had come to believe, privately, that he had the somasight - the rare ability to see the glowing aura of color that encapsulates living things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whenever he had the time to stop and stare like this, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d do it. He thought the great distance, the detached of distance, might make it easier to see a person\u8217\'92s aura. There\u8217\'92s none of the fakery to get in the way. See, he\u8217\'92d never actually seen an aura before. Be he knew he had the somasight. He knew it because Ayram had told him it was so. Ayram didn\u8217\'92t put it so plainly, but Ayram never said anything plainly, and if he ever did then there was sure to be layers of true meaning hidden underneath the surface. No, Ayram had told Seb that all his strengths were weaknesses, and his weaknesses were strengths. From there it was a few rock solid bounds of logic and reason to figure out that blank is blank, blank is blank, and that blindness is a strength because leads a person to somasight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If anyone else had said that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91strengths are weaknesses, and weaknesses are strengths\u8217\'92, Seb would have disregarded it, because on the surface, it\u8217\'92s just twisting words. That\u8217\'92s the kind of weak thing that tradesmen and slaves and philosophers do to make them feel better about their lot. But you don\u8217\'92t hammer and twist words around until they mean what you want them to mean. Strength isn\u8217\'92t a weakness, strength is strength. Yes, if you change the context around then strength can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 become}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a weakness. Put a muscle-bound man in the water and he can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t swim as fast as a leaner one. But that\u8217\'92s a matter of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 becoming}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . And besides, that whole strain of thought is just way too simple. Even children know that things are context dependent. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no great wisdom in it. Ayram dealt with wisdom. He dealt with the Truth. He\u8217\'92s a man who knows, more than anyone knows anything, that when you are strong people rely on you. He\u8217\'92s not a man to dress up hardship pretend its all roses. The cold hard fact is that when you can\u8217\'92t see, people don\u8217\'92t rely on you. Sure, being blind means you don\u8217\'92t have to stand on watch for hours, and sure, Seb took special pleasure in not being saddled with that chore, but to call his nearsight a strength because it made him unreliable\u8230\'85 well that was just twisting words. When you\u8217\'92re strong you don\u8217\'92t need to twist words. Ayram dealt with things as they were. He was the strongest man who had ever existed - of that, Seb was certain. Ayram\u8217\'92s hands were almost as wide as Seb\u8217\'92s chest and he was taller than any rumor. Seb had seen Ayram wrestle down a caldrian ox by himself. So for a man like Ayram to say a thing like that, to say\u8216\'91weakness is a strength\u8217\'92, then there had to be an underlying truth. Something practical. Something Specific. Purposeful. Ayram only ever speaks to bend the world to his will. He has the  the cosmic mechanical nature of things to do it. Ayram was setting Seb down a path. Seb was sure of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One day Seb realized that the only other person he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever known who\u8217\'92d had vision worse than his was Seculla. Seculla wasn\u8217\'92t completely blind but she was as good as completely blind. She could only see splotches of light and shadow. But if she were looking at a living thing, if she stared at it for long enough and got all glassy eyed and inattentive, then she would begin to see bands of radiant color resolving into the outline of the thing. It was an invaluable skill to have, especially out in the Sand. The Ayramun used her to ascertain the true character of those they\u8217\'92d meet; red for killers and the like, green for gentle folk, gold for the merely curious, and so on. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Using Seculla as an example, Seb figured that maybe normal sight gets traded for somasight. Or maybe somasight is in everyone, but you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to lose your normal sight to get you ready to receive it, because maybe you\u8217\'92ve got to want it badly and no one could want a thing as bad as someone who\u8217\'92s got nothing at all. This had to be what Ayram was getting at. Seb\u8217\'92s own lack of sight would lead to him having somasight. And it wasn\u8217\'92t a coincidence that Ayram had found Seb and Gugi just a few weeks before Seculla had died. The timing of all that was a clue. Seculla was the only Ayramun with somasight, and with her gone there was no one else who could fill that role. Ayram had chosen Seb for this purpose. Ayram was setting him down that path. It all fit. It was only a matter of time and effort. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whenever Seb tried to see auras, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d mimic what he\u8217\'92d seen Seculla do. She would stand as still as a statue and stare without focus at living things. She\u8217\'92d get all shaky and sweaty as if she were killing herself with the effort. Seb wasn\u8217\'92t sure what was going on inside her head. He had to guess. On the outside it seemed like simple concentration, like she was narrowing the world until it was just her and the person and then she\u8217\'92d command them to reveal their true nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So there he was, staring at the caravan that was crossing the Junei plain. Staring in its general direction. His let his eyes cross just enough so that the colorful landscape doubled and blurred until the distant gypsum dunes dissolved into each-other. When the edge between the sand and the sky softened into a gradient of yellow-to-blue, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when he began to strain, because at that point there was nothing else in the world but him and the distant caravan. Well, the distant caravan wasn\u8217\'92t there, but he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 knew}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it was there, and knowing it was there was enough to make the connection. Or so he figured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For this he bore the look of a man possessed - jaw hanging loose, breath heavy, muscles tight, skin tingling, repeating in his mind the words that should manifest his will: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Show yourself. Show yourself. Show yourself}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He could feel the energy screaming out of his eyes. He was scouring all the world with it. He trembled as Seculla trembled. Sweat beaded on his brow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he caught a faint whiff of an odor. A foul odor. Was it him? It could be the dead boy. He took another sniff and then he was sure; it was him. He mumbled a curse. Things like that made it hard to maintain a general lack of focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were other distractions. There were birds chattering up on the cliff behind. Evidently the sight-spot was was little too close to some nesting brightbeaks. Then there was the bitter flavor and texture of the }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 belti }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 spine as it rolled about in his mouth, and Belt juice stimulates saliva, so he kept having to swallow to keep his spit from dribbling down his chin. When you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re that far up inside your own head, nothing breaks your concentration more than having to swallow. It becomes a conscious act. And somehow it\u8217\'92s loud, like thumping on a soggy drum. Then there were, of course, the itches. On the thigh. That was the worst place to get an itch, the thigh. It feels like an ant bite. Maybe it is an ant bite. And once that thought creeps up, you can\u8217\'92t not scratch it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The worst distraction though, by far, was Elrahet. The bloodwitch was pouring over every pore and of the dead boy, looking for wounds, mumbling her guttural bloodspeech as she did it. Once or twice she gave a curt shriek and then she would hound Gugi about something or other. Seb tried to cuff out the old crone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ravings but it was no use. Her grating voice could rattle through rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she wanted Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you ass!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen to me when I\u8217\'92m talking to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You smell like a donkey\u8217\'92s teet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do something about it then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what it if it\u8217\'92s hot? Splash yourself in musk oil, or whatever you ejits do these days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bloodwitches were cantankerous creatures. Elrahet especially so. You had to let it go because she was old as old can be. Seb had never figured her exact age. Numbered age was rarely a thing ascribed to people of the Sand. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no number for the age of a grain of sand, and Jandrimun like Elrahet were just as elemental. Her features were as dark, hard, and solemn as any slab of Melthasite ore. Her sun-drenched skin was as brown and leathered as the bark of any pepperwood tree. She was shrouded in layers and layers of brown rags. If she went swimming in the ocean she\u8217\'92d blend right in with the seaweed. Elrahet was as much a native creature of the Sand as the sizable cracked-back lizard over whose corpse she squatted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dead lizard was two heads taller than the dead boy, counting from its nose to the nock of its tail. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scales were red, it\u8217\'92s belly was white, and it was washed and ready for ritual. Two red lacquered bloodbowls were sitting on either side of its belly. Like most bloodwitch tools these bowls had an ill look. They\u8217\'92d been fashioned into scowling creatures. They stood on four short peg legs and the bulk of the bowl was their stomach, which flared out into an oblong, shallow pan. One of them was packed flat to the brim with a red, waxy substance that Elrahet called solrashesh. She said it was the pulped flesh of an ancient king, mixed with lyme and bonepowder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These two bowls came with oval lids, and on the top of each lid was a knob, and these knobs were sculpted into the shape of human heads. Flayed human heads. Bug eyed and teeth gnashing. Seb thought that they might, if the right words were uttered, come alive and start nipping at his ankles. It was rumored that they had auras as vibrant as living things, a darkly red aura, almost black, some might say cursed. But they were sacred things. Elrahet proclaimed them righteous things. She used them to wield the Spark of life, to heal, and to pull the magic out of stomachs. Evidently Elrahet had been about to do just that, pull the magic out of the lizard, when Gugi had come and plopped a dead young man right beside it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sight of the boy had deeply disturbed Elrahet. She knew immediately, as Gugi knew, that this was Mandrameen, the son of Salavan Saran, and Salavan was Shagota\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Chancellor of Minerals, and Chancellor of Minerals was the man who\u8217\'92d given the Ayramun the tip that a great bounty would soon be rumbling down Scuttle Road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Elrahet probed Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s naked body for a sign what had gone wrong. She picked through Mandri\u8217\'92s mop of hair like a mother looking for lice. checked his skull for any fractures or . She wiggled his head to make sure his neck was . Once violence was ruled right out, she checked for signs of the occult. She squeezed any birthmark in between her bony fingers as if to rub it off. She traced the outline of any abrasive welts that might reveal will of the earth. She made sure that all the hairline scratches were just bushmarks and not symbols spelling out a curse. All blood witches were driven by inscrutable purpose, and Elrahet especially so, but wha. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Elrahet realized Seb was near, and she commanded him to describe exactly how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d discovered the body. She probed his story with same intensity, asking for clarifications on this and that, but there wasn\u8217\'92t much for Seb to say. He had simply happened upon the boy. When it was clear she couldn\u8217\'92t wring anything out of Seb, Elrahet\u8217\'92s perpetual sneer got a little deeper, a little more. Seb felt whenever she was dealing with him, she was sneering with effort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the body disturbed Moto, he did not show it. Not much disturbed Moto. His handsome face rarely deviated from a look of smug disinterest. Seb thought that Moto was too good looking to be an Ayramun, and too fastidious. Or maybe he was just too well-kept. He was the only one to keep his dress clean and clever. He wore a long, burnt-orange tunic over a padded white shirt, and he kept the tunic tight at the waist with a long red-sash. Tied into that red sash was a brown scabbard. Inside that scabbard was long, thin, and elegantly curved sword that had a name. The sword\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hilt was capped in etched silver, it drew the eye, and the rest of the look complemented it; a pair of white trousers tucked into brown leather boots that held an impossible level of shine considering the desert clime. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were little silver metal buckles on his boots, his scabbard, and on the left shoulder of his tunic near the neck. Seb believed these buckles to be entirely decorative. The scabbard needed them, perhaps, but Seb had seen Moto slip out of those boots without unfastening them, and then slip right back in just as easy. Maybe the tunic\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s buckles were functional too, but they could easily be a bit of threaded string instead. The choice of silver buckles was just that - a choice, something that set him apart. Decoration. All the other Ayramun looked like proper desert bandits. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Seb was in charge he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have allowed it. It set Moto apart. Ruined the cohesion. Life in the Sand demands cohesion. Moto might be the best swordsman in the world, but that had no bearing on unity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even the way he sat annoyed Seb. Moto was there near the edge of the cliff, sitting on a rock with his elbow on one knee, hunched over, eye glued to the rock crystal lens, and he kept his other leg stretched out like he was. It was like he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that Seb could come up right behind him and push him off the cliff. Seb could end him right there. For all Moto\u8217\'92s flair and, Seb could end him here. There were plenty of moments like this when Seb could do it. Could do it while Moto slept. While he ate. Seb had half a mind to do it right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to take a look?\u8221\'94 he asked. Seb was practically breathing down his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mind shuffling back? You smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet snapped, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you to take care of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get to smelling when I\u8217\'92m in the sun like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She leaned down again to spy the distant caravan through her scope. From this perch high in the strata of a sandstone cliff, she could pick out riders. Her eyes were still sharp. She could even count their number, all the way back to the rear of their column. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s seventy-two of them,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And there\u8217\'92s something unnatural as well. I don\u8217\'92t like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve not had a lick of blood for two weeks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be quiet. What are you even doing here. Go away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean \u8216\'91there\u8217\'92s something unnatural\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were sharp as any, but without aid of a scope he could only make out the dust cloud the quarry was kicking up - it billowed high into the air. It shone bright as the early morning light picked it out against the darker hues of the fleeing night. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s an odd fix about them.\u8221\'94 Elrahet said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An odd fix? You\u8217\'92ve counted seventy-two. That\u8217\'92s exactly how many Salavan said there\u8217\'92d be. This is the right time and place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t exactly trust salavan considering his boy has shown up dead on the road. But even without that, something is off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto kept silent to give Elrahet time to study the caravan. It would be stupid to ignore the mood of a woman whose misgivings had saved them time and time again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the way they ride,\u8221\'94 Elrahet concluded. She moved aside to let Moto peer through the scope. \u8220\'93Have you ever seen a caravan guard ride three by three like that?\u8221\'94 she asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto bent down on one knee and put his eye to the rock crystal lens. The wagons and their guard quickly came into focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have, but not out here,\u8221\'94 he replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet repeated her stance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think we should go for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shrugged her off and took a moment to absorb the details. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were eight wagons, several more than the average for a gold train. The tight discipline of the riders made it easy to count their number: three by three as Elrahet had said. Hardly the ragged band of backwash from the Hrkkan conquests that passed for caravan hands in this part of the Sand. Ayram couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make out any insignia or banners that might identify them as professional soldiers. Still, they were quite far out on the Junei plain, and the old rock lens was getting a little foggy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto compared what he saw to the lay of the ambush that Ayram had set up below. It was the most ideal spot to bushwhack such a heavily guarded merchant caravan. It was one of the few short and straight ravines through which a road actually passed. Its slopes were steep so his people up on the banks would be high enough to have a clean shot at the whole enemy column, provided the whole column could actually fit inside. It would be tight. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any  trees for cover, but there were plenty of boulders and prickly brown bushes. And those Ayramun that were no good with a bow were skilled at burrowing into the slopes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once in the ravine, the caravan could only go forward into the mountains, or back out into the sand. The way into the mountains was easy enough to manage with caltrops buried in the sand, and the road wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wide enough for the wagons to turn around and beat a hasty retreat. Against fearful men, it would be a slaughter. Against experienced warriors, Moto was not so sure. There was a good deal more of them than there were Ayramun. Three to one. And if they were Hrkkan Zikar\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 well he\u8217\'92d fought them before, and they had a way of wriggling out of your grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d take them for Hrkkan riders, but they\u8217\'92re wearing that woolen garb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi suggested, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be that the they\u8217\'92ve been drilling common hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That could be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet said,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be that those really are  Hrkkan troops.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But they\u8217\'92re wrapped in white wool,\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb felt compelled to chime in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrapped in wool and I\u8217\'92m half-Hrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Half-Hrk? When did that happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t tell?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 used}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to be a Hrk,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Elrahet corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Hrkkan officer does not drop his company\u8217\'92s colors for convenience. Even in the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Sand makes converts of us all,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto gave a subtle sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The point of their armor, their colors, it isn\u8217\'92t about comfort,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93For them it\u8217\'92s hardly even for protection. It\u8217\'92s about distinction. It\u8217\'92s a certain type of man that seeks out life in the Hrkkan cavalry, and once he gets the colors .\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out of everyone there on that cliff, Elrahet seemed the most apprehensive.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Still, they could be fighting men,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They could be rabble, they could be Hrkkans,\u8217\'92 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would it change your call?\u8221\'94 Elrahet asked it as if she already knew the answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they are Hrkkans then they have skin in the game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t run when the killing starts,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the way we\u8217\'92re set up -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This only works if they try to run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only completely safe if they run,\u8221\'94 Moto corrected. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it\u8217\'92s decided,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto gave Elrahet is sidelong glance of disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not for you to call. We are Ayramun. Not Elrahetun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto took a moment once more to eye the caravan through Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scope, trying to find some detail that might still swing his decision. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The information they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been given by Salavan was accurate - the caravan was here as predicted. And the Ayramun were eager, rested, and ready. The long shadows of the rising sun would keep them hidden until the most opportune moment. There was even the off chance that the witch\u8217\'92s magic might work. Most importantly, their secret way into and out of the ravine was a hidden crevasse which remained unknown to the Empire, and every day that Ayram delayed he risked its discovery. If found, this stretch of the Junei would be closed to him forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Disciplined riders aren\u8217\'92t enough to call this off,\u8221\'94 Moto decided, and handed the glass back to Elrahet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what of the boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Salavan that told us there\u8217\'92d be gold train bumbling up this road. Now we find his son dead. Dead in the very spot where we lay our trap. Is that not enough to call this off?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. It is strange. But eh. I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just a dead body,\u8221\'94Gugi said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet gives Gugi a whack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Ayram ever makes you Nearest, then you can speak up. Until then, shut it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps he is right,\u8221\'94 Moto said to Elrahet. \u8220\'93You looked the boy over. Found no foul play.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I found no sign of murder, yes. No sign of curses, yes. But the fact remains that the boy is dead. Freshly dead. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps he crawled up in that bush himself. Perhaps he was looking for us. Trying to join up. Run away. You know Salavan doesn\u8217\'92t treat his family right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb saw the logic of it. The thought seemed right enough. Playing with it happened to trigger another explanation, an explanation that was more in line with the budding sense of paranoia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t one of Ayram\u8217\'92s Nearest, but he felt compelled to speak up. \u8220\'93If the boy was looking for us, maybe he was trying to warn us of something. Maybe Salavan sent him out here to warn us not to attack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face took an incredulous turn. \u8220\'93Why would Salavan send his own son to tell us that? And send him on foot? Without a horse? That would be a death sentence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shrugged. He knew the idea was crazy, but the uneasy silence that followed showed that it had legs. Everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face that the idea was stirring up fear. Elrahet\u8217\'92s face especially, because her skin was so lined with age that even the subtlest action of her brow would send it cracking into sharp relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a story written on the dead boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face that none of them could read. There simply weren\u8217\'92t enough clues. His skin was raw and peeling. Sun blistered. His lips were ashen and cracked. He bore the calm expression of death, careless and serene, the kind of rested ease that everyone desperately wants but aren\u8217\'92t willing to go that far to get. Set against the stress of the moment that ease was unnerving. For Seb it was annoying. Whatever the boy\u8217\'92s motivations were, he had failed miserably and now the Ayramun were bearing the cost. Let it never be said that once you\u8217\'92re dead you\u8217\'92re done stirring up inconvenience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet gave a little huff and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only one way to be sure of his purpose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was her final word. It sent a shiver down Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spine, because when a bloodwitch says \u8216\'91there\u8217\'92s only one way to be sure,\u8217\'92 that means blood is about to be spilled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She took the two bloodbowls from beside the lizard and placed them next to the boy. Then she knelt down and pulled a thin needle-wing bone out from under her rags. She stabbed the tip of it down into the bloodbowl which held the sehsli, and in so doing filled the hollow bone with a measure of that blessed flesh. Then she used two fingers to pull the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw open, and she leaned close to his mouth, muttered a warding spell, then began to probe his throat with the sharp tip of the wing bone. Once she found the precise spot with which to inject the seslsi, she jabbed down, pierced the decaying tissue, and then blew hard on the back of the bone, so hard that the force of her wind expelled the blessed flesh from out of the bone and into the boy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Elrahet sat back on her heels and from her voluminous rags she pulled out a half-moon knife, pulled its sharp edge in-between her fingers, and then asked for a volunteer. She was looking at Gugi and Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you need?\u8221\'94 Gugi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy is dead, but his vessel remains intact. It needs a Spark. One of you must give it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet held Seb and then Gugi in her gaze. On each she lingered for a spell, holding them in turn so that she could project a sense of her confidence into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When neither of the two men stepped forward, Elrahet stressed the imperative word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  give. This is a command. Em bestet buguul.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearing this, both Seb and Gugi knelt where they stood. They touched their foreheads to the earth in supplication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Gugi who spoke first. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take my Spark and release me from the struggle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb snuck a sidelong glance at his brother. Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were closed and he . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elhrahet stood and setpped over to Gugi. She knelt in front of him. She set her hand on the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will shepherd your Spark and I cherish willingness with which it was given. Now there\u8217\'92s not much time. Do we not have time, Moto?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto looked again through the lens. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are coming on quickly,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So they are,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. Then she quoted a proverb favored by the Ayramun. \u8220\'93Even the turning of the world conspires against us.\u8221\'94 She stroked the back of Gugi\u8217\'92s head. \u8220\'93I am afraid that we cannot stand on ceremony.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb lifted his head and watched as Elrahet peeled a sliver of selshi from the contents of the snarling bloodbowl. She brought the selshi to her mouth, whispered a prayer, then placed the selshi on her tongue and swallowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The was the f }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet closed her eyes, opened her palms to the sky, and sucked air into her chest in short, powerful sips - five of them. She held the wind in her lungs for a moment, then exhaled slowly through pursed lips. She repeated this breathing ritual five times, and at the end of it she had achieved the heightened state of Culrisar, defined as such by the Bloodwitch creed: Nothing but the body and the means to move it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb wondered how it worked. A long time ago he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had it explained to him. The I/Me/Mine which defined \u8216\'91Elrahet\u8217\'92 was gone, along with all thoughts and urges that obscure the present moment. This was necessary if one were to handle the Spark of the Divine. But it didn\u8217\'92t make sense to Seb. How could a Bloodwitch know what she was doing if she, herself, her desires, her sense of duty and the whole rolling ball of past events was dissolved away? If there is only present, wouldn\u8217\'92t she forget what she was doing? Wouldn\u8217\'92t she be incapable of carrying out a task such as this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It did not make sense. Yet there she was, gripping the hilt of the half-moon knife with serious intent, and when Seb looked into the her eyes he saw only himself reflected. He did not doubt that the Culrisar was real - there it was. The definitive proof could be seen in the way her fingers, lumpy knuckled and wrecked with uncontrolled trembling, gained calm and strength and precision. It was her right hand which gripped the knife, and swing it around in the air, hand trembling eliminated. In fact her whole posture was , back straight and . She was a different person. Possessed, perhaps. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe the witch had become a vessel for a ghost. Witches never talked about ghosts, but they talked about fleshy vessels all the time, and vessels are for holding things. Holding the Spark, yes, but what else? If the witch had left her own body, then who, or what, was moving it?  It was a frightening thought, but it seemed to clarify the incongruity of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aged bones contorting about with such dexterity. And her face didn\u8217\'92t move. It did not frown or smile or grunt with the effort. She was like a minstrel\u8217\'92s marionette, limbs dancing as if weightless, face painted on. The thought Seb took from all this was that ghosts couldn\u8217\'92t control faces; if that was how it was, if there was ghost in Elrahet now, then ghosts couldn\u8217\'92t control faces. It was a bit . Made Seb proud. The little self-indulgence didn\u8217\'92t last long, for his focus was drawn to the sight of Elrahet setting the crest of the half-moon blade against the back of Gugi\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet spoke in a voice that was not her own. It was a younger woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, clear and fresh and brilliant. \u8220\'93Gugi Adeyongee,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Do not seek, for if your heart is kind you will be found.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Elrahet put her thumb on the flat back of the half-moon blade and pressed down. She pressed the metal down with care and let up as soon the blade cleaved the skin in two. She then angled the blade cross-wise to that first cut and pressed down again. There was hardly any blood, just a two thin red lines, an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91x\u8217\'92. It was so clean that it was as if she\u8217\'92d imprinted that crimson sigil on the surface of the skin with printing block instead of cutting the flesh open with a knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet took in a deep breath. When she exhaled she sucked in her stomach to push all the air out of lungs. As soon as she was sure that there was not a thimble of air within her, she bent over and put her lips to the wound she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d marked on Gugi\u8217\'92s neck. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she breathed in his spark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was quick, sharp inhale. Gugi gasped. His back spasmed and arched. His arms, his fingers, and his toes curled in towards his body as his muscles fought to keep the Spark\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s threads from being yanked out. Though no one could see it, his face was pulled into a grimace of utter astonishment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This struggle did not last long. As quick as the tension had come, it left. And so Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s prostrate form went limp and tipped over into the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A strange coldness washed over Seb. He knew that it was his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heat being extinguished. That warm aura that he only noticed when they were huddled together against the chill of night was gone. Elrahet had taken it, she\u8217\'92d breathed it into her lungs. Gugi\u8217\'92s spark was in her lungs. Seb could see its soft orange flame flickering under her skin. Her whole neck was glowing, glowing so bright that Seb could see slivers of her spine\u8217\'92s shadow in her throat. Her cheeks were awash with light. Her pupils were bright as the sun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned to face the dead boy, to impart the Spark into him. As she did, Seb noticed that out from under her layers of rags there was a steady steam rising into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In another moment more it was over. She breathed the Spark into the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth and then light was gone and she was back to her old self. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing took a toll on the woman, Seb could not see it. Her tremors were worse, her breathing more ragged. He got up and walked over to the other side of the boy to fetch the waterskin that she was reaching for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you Seb, thank you...\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93No, not me, its for the boy\u8230\'85 Don\u8217\'92t just pour it into his mouth like that. Not like that. Here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet tore a strip of cloth from one of the softer bits of clothing that enveloped her. She bundled it up into a ball and told Seb to soak it with water. This he did. Then he pressed it to the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. He was stunned to feel the boy\u8217\'92s breath tickling his fingertips. Seb knew the ritual would work, but it was always a gib to see the dead being brought back to the land of the living.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb squeezed the cloth and cold water dribbled down into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gullet. Elrahet was crouched low and whispering into the boy\u8217\'92s ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'm not Death, my boy. You are not dead. Not dead. Not dead. \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen stirred. The water stung his lips and throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He opened his eyes a little. Two dark shapes resolved themselves into people. A man on his left, and a woman on his right - blue sky behind them. Not Death indeed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible,\u8221\'94 Seb whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. But if the Calrisar couldn\u8217\'92t didn\u8217\'92t him, then your stink would have done the trick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet stole the wet cloth from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, and in so doing took it away from Mandri's lips. Then she shrugged Seb away with a sharp elbow. \u8220\'93Get gone. Go care of your brother\u8217\'92s body. And care for your own. Thought I told you to take care of that.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long will Gugi\u8217\'92s body last without a Spark?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It depends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m asking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s plenty of time to fetch a spark. Begone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My brother is dear to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Days. Days yet. If you\u8217\'92re worried, go set up close to the road. That way you can be sure to capture one of the riders alive, and we can bring Gugi back as soon as nightfall. Moto will care for your brother. Moto! Moto, take care of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto came and led Seb away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By Seb was climbing down the cliff and down into the ravine, Mandri was coming to. Elrahet opened his mouth with two fingers, just as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done before. Her emerald eyes glinted as she peered down Mandri\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your mouth\u8217\'92s not black. The spark taken root. And you\u8217\'92ll get to keep your tongue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to respond. All that came out was a wheeze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet took her bony fingers out of his mouth and smelled them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want to live?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t? Wonderful. Here, drink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet put the cloth back to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, and Mandri drank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t want to live, but you drink? Just can\u8217\'92t help yourself, can you? Drink up, then. Drink up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did. The water was glorious. Pure and clear, washing the grit from his throat. For a full finger they kept this up, Elrahet watering the cloth, Mandri drinking from it. All the while Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s senses were returning to him. First was smell - and that was what tipped him that this wasn\u8217\'92t Death, this was a woman kneeling over him. Death wouldn\u8217\'92t have smelled like hard work, like musk concentrate boiled in sweat. This figure, all swaddled in boiled leather and black cloth }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This realization, and the water, helped Mandri find his voice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not speak. Do not speak. Not yet. Here, suck on this peel of shelsi. Good. Yes. Just move your head to answer. Nod or shake. Now, is your name Mandrameen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your father is Salavan Saran?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly is it that you are doing out are you out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to answer that by only moving his head. He didn\u8217\'92t even know if he could do it with words.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}