{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs20\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dolphins - bait ball.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cigar flake stuck in teeth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Quit larging it.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 I think you need to reevaluate the role of the word belief when it comes to the salvation of the soul. I believe in the sun rising. That doesnt bring about any internal change in me. Belief is not tied to internal change. To become a christian, you must first kill yourself. Belief is necessary but not sufficient.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Only the biggest egomaniac can break free of the chains of the self.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Organics is the name of the game.and these peeps have it 100% correct. The other amendment you need to add is charcoal. Local wood charcoal preferably. Also, take some.ash that has never been rained on with very fine charcoal and save that for when your plants are up. Spread that generously around plants. Grind up your charcoal into fine and pea size chunks. Spread that through your soil layers. Also, keep some larger chunks throughout your layers. }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Never meet your heros - never meet your fans.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Violence is never the answer. But often times I find that it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a good enough approximation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Violence is never the answer, but you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let the pursuit of perfection be the enemy of the good enough.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Character based on john carmack - nerd speak. Jargon, but its hard-jargon - more accurate words.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Rainbow statemetn - could apply to anyone. You and your rainbow words that don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t mean anythin. Pick a color an stick to it.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Providence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crueltence}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem of identity:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In china they are just chinese, and people around them are also chinese, so everyone identifies as chinese without thought. Identify yourself as ethnically chinese, or else you are immoral, or a traitor. However, for other ethnic chinese, it only represent the nationality. If foreign chinese says they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not chinese, then you refuse that warmth, and you\u8217\'92re an asshole who forgot their roots. If you have chinese blood you have to consider yourself as chinese, and if you don\u8217\'92t you\u8217\'92re a traitor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone\u8217\'92s getting in this bush. There\u8217\'92s no time to be scrying and softing about what is and isn\u8217\'92t cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Uncomfortable - wont say it, will say that other person is uncomfortable and should accommodate them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Gay guy = first you hate me because you thought I wanted to fuck you. Now you find out I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t you\u8217\'92re even more mad.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 The obvious answer is that a philosopher is an explorer of knowledge. But I say Philosophers are explorers of potentiality}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 In me the potential is unlimited. In you, not so much. It would take a great philospher to imagine the potential in you.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/13kkq6x/to_what_degree_was_romes_republic_destabilized_by/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 To what degree was Rome's Republic destabilized by a unwillingness to deal with real social and economic problems that could have had political solutions? Did Cato the Younger and the Optimates block reforms that would have stabilized the Republic?}}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is left of identity politics if we accept it as a fiction\u8221\'94 - everyting is a fiction. Culture determines so much.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Availability hueristic - cultural lensing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Buckley quoting churchill - our fleet tranquilized tge world.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Set the bar in barbarian}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Ryan O\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92Neal}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 He infamously hit on Tatum at Fawcett's funeral, not recognizing her as his daughter. }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m always happy to hear about rape charges. Because that means they\u8217\'92re not getting away with it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Serial on paper money - value 01. They value that more than human life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Storytellers rule the world. Storyteller gives meaning to the events of a person\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Violence is always more effective. The word to use is efficient. Violence is an ineffecient approach. It takes a lot of work. And if you mess up, you waste resources. But if you actually succeed in killing your opponent, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s tremendously effective.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a lot we can learn from hitler\u8217\'92s speeches. Primarily, don\u8217\'92t be a fascist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Revelation that the stories about exorcisms are false.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes, to tell a spiritual truth you must tell a worldly lie.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 The closer you get to the rind, the bitterer the taste.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Faith is confidence without evidence.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Art museum is like a line to everest, a crowded surf break. Completely kills the soul of the thing. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kai wynn- you have a unique ability to build a consensus.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conservative is entirely about constructing artificially constructed categories. Progressive is about creating new ones.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Pragmatic just means abandoning principles to look out for your own self-interest.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Animorphic - gain body segment as it grows - centipede}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Story where guy walks into gladiator crowd chanting \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93messi, messi\u8221\'94, but underdog kills him. Cue huge manhunt for this dude - you killed a beloved icon.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 What was I supposed to do?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Big adventures.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Ends on him winning everyone over.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Fun\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s funeral- why isn\u8217\'92t pronounced the same. Fewneral}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Taking a big risk by not taking a risk.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Team regularity vs team counterfactual : }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1im052pBQZ4"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1im052pBQZ4}}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 People worring about what would have happened if you hadn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t had thrown it. There has never been, in all of existence, an opposite of occurence occurring. It is a conceit which has no bearing on reality. You do what you did, and no other reality is real.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Would the patient have gotten better without the medicine - counterfactual - useful?}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Cause and effect is a function of ignorance}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 n cockney slang Bengal Lancer rhymes with Chancer = someone not reliable or fit for purpose\~ }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Apology vs. Making amends}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 You notice your voice goes up whenever your unsure about something?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m just being emphatic.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 You\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re doing it again.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What the sight of an attractive woman can do to a man whose given up on life.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy leaves an open jar of water to moisturize the room.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THe only thing that really matters is who you know, and old people happen to know more people than young people.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation about certainty gladiator - tell them you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to win, and then do it. Do it again, and you\u8217\'92re a god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Really, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the foundation of all earthly authority, announcements. Announce what you\u8217\'92re going to do, follow through with it, and if you\u8217\'92re consistent about it, peo }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thermo-meter}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its all about repitition - shoot shoot shoot. Stamina. Phenomenal about of power. Medieval longbow arrow is a tree trunk - a great thump into the enemy. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re hitting him at range. Powerful blow. 10 yards at range, 30 yards,, 40 yards. Hard hits. Slugging. Hard as a sledgehammer. Dependso n the angle of strike. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 theophany }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Longbow - relatively inexpensive weapon for delivering thump after thump after thump.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Where are you from? My room.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93A language is a dialect with an army and a navy\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Contortions to the kiss the ground that he walks on.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 He enters every room twice, first, second, to kiss the ground he walks on.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Word for work to put off depression.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Feel a demon\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s teeth scrape against his skull. Skull doesn\u8217\'92t shatter. Odd moment of surprise at his own durability.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Refuse to pay 5$ for a charity tournament}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Mountain jut}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Toothless skull}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 The only skin left on her body was what was under her watch. }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Whoever said show dont tell has never watched a nature doc. They do both.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Art in a gallery sterilizzed. Good art ambushes you in the wild. }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Her face tells a tale. There\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s not much to the tale. But it tells it }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I heard the crunch of the bone, and it ripped the tendons and the muscle and the nerves and my whole hand just crimped up like that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Claw ripped a five inch gash into the side of his head, scalping him, and his eyes immediately filled with blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My religionwouldnt work, because it wouldnt give people what they need, which is absolution for their own failures by glomming on to something larger than themselves. Religion as the identity animal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Making a play - preperation meets opportunity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You greaseless pushcart}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You soilbucket}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Instead of re\'02coiling at the sight of some physically or spiritually distasteful person, I now rejoice that but for some angelic grace that person could be me and in some distant way is me. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 My lord this is nothing but a game we play here. A game with wooden armies and paper flags. Tis but a block of wood you hold in your hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  reminding commanding heights is different than the pof on the ground.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I will not countenance defeat.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Everybody has got their own opnions. Startlingly few peole have the wisdom to recognize when their opinion is valuable.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Its good he\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s lashed to your back, because god knows your spine needs stiffening.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 There is no cookie cutter for that timeline, when you wash out. But when you out of time, we all know it. So I just go hard until that point we know it. Sometimes, the reality is its got nothing to do with the person we talking about. Someties its about whats going on around you. Sometimes whats going on around you buys you time, sometimes it chews up your time. I think thats why we got to come with an edge every day, because thats something you don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t know. You aint completely in control of. It should keep you up at night.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 The yougestguy is in the best position because he doesnot\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92 understand the gravity of the situation.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Story about a guy who\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thinking about all the a rich guy spending 1000 dollars on some cards could have done. Give that 1000 dollars to a poor man. The poor man went and bought some cards.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck and nigger part of same set of rules - easy to not say. All it is, is an identifier, a red flag.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And dunes are sound sculptures. They hiss and moan as they move. In a high wind, the dunes smoke and the air is filled with a booming bellow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The drumming is the avalanching of billions of tiny grains slowing as they reache the bottom of the slip face.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 uffer from the poverty of wealth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cannibal = different peoples - tough and stringy. Gristle. Inedible.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two sisters can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t agree on how to divide a mansion. Sherriff steps in demolishes it, gives one stone to one sister, one to the next.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beware of the man who has too many interesting opininos. Hes spent to much time figuring out how to have interesting opininos. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Burnoose - moteah.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Next gen toilet paper roll.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the most merciless of creatures that wear the form of man.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Resolve stiffen\u8221\'94 -peeenis. The first thing that stiffens upon seeing a beautiful woman is resolve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From one large canal other canals branched off, carrying surplus water wherever it was needed; still smaller irrigation ditches swung off from the secondary canals until the whole land was a web of watercourses. Canals were perennial monuments to the wisdom and paternal care of the men who boasted of having built them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Over-under eductated. A whole lot of under educated.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i1 Lysistrata}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \~is the greatest work by Aristophanes. This blank and rash statement is made that it may be rejected. }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 exchanged confidences }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 as clean as a hound\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s tooth }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Reciprocatin movement as  oppopsed to circular.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Inventing a word is either a releases a thing or cages it. I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m not sure which. Maybe it is both, simultaneously.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Born - he discovered the world}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0  Moto was a tight-lipped smiler.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 A stolid - supine- indifferent look.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 At fork \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 perhaps hear echoes behind him?}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bro, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m just a dude, man - difficult to translate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell - abolition of the self - see schopenhauer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I pull you out of yourself and like a weed you grow right back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Individuality, multiplicity, is the point}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 You just made up that word}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 All words are made up.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XJCiJA1Txo"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XJCiJA1Txo}}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Hairy leaves, almost white, feels like skin.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Banner wings and keel.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Smells like sewage and effluent.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Panacle of tiny flowers.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Urticating hairs}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Stealing - very conveinent. All kinds of convenient. Even inconvenient.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Explain the horseshoe theory}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its all about obsessively controlling constructed  definitions}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one has a more intimate relationship with the Truth than a liar, for a liar plays with the truth, and one has to play with something to get a good sense for the weight and feel of it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your eyes will adjust to the darkness.\u8221\'94 - morality}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The jewish soul is divine - the gentile soul is created, not divine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They say, god }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 needed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  us. Not that they needed god.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 See\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.yutorah.org/lectures/lecture.cfm/744571/Rabbi_Hanan_Balk/The_Soul_of_a_Jew,_the_Soul_of_a_Non-Jew%3a__Two_Views"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 "The Soul of a Jew, the Soul of a Non-Jew: Two Views "}}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 (mp3) by Rabbi Chanan Balk.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Tanya posits that all humans possess a\~}{\f3\fs20\b0\i1 nefesh bahamit}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \~("animalistic soul") whereas only Jews possess a\~}{\f3\fs20\b0\i1 nefesh elokit}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \~("G-dly soul"), whatever that means. But there are other opinions.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Rabbi Balk consulted several major rabbis, all of them affiliated with the Beth Din of America, regarding the question: "do Jews have entirely different souls than non-Jews?"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 One rabbi replied: "of course, what's the question?"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Another replied: "Of course not, what are you talking about?"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 A third replied: "Believe it if you like, not if you don't; it's not one of Maimonides' Thirteen Fundamentals."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Klaus kinski}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I was not excellent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I was not great}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I was monumental}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I was epochal!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 accultrated }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 You ever get in a fight with a gorilla man, you punch him in the back of the head, he can\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t block it.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 W - old english}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Jimothy! Bring me some letters for I shall name them this day! }
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 I apologize for any cultural insensitivity my portrayal of british peole might convey.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 YEeeeeesss, my lord, quite so. Shall we diddle some children as we do.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 NO, Jimothy. Bring me letters!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 How about this one!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Letter b}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 That\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a tough one, do you have a suggestion?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 How about Be?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 No. No that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s not quite right. I think I like, DOUBLE D!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Yes, as do a virile men, my lord, but don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t you think}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 DOUBLE D and THAT\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94S FINAL Now move along.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Very wise my lord. It does look quite like two D\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s stacked on top of eachother. You are a creative geniues.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Another Letter!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 V}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Vee}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Oh spicy.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Bring another.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Oh, I already suspect how you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ll name this one.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Double U}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Looks at hte card.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Well I suppose we could round off the bottoms to make it work.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Round the bottoms you say? Yes, yes I quite like it. U is my favorite letter you know. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 And that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s how W came to be.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 That\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s our only belief. Oh and give 10% of your income. Oh, and we hate the gays.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Bow our heads in prayer. Dear letter We, I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92d really like a new car. Also, if you could help the jags beat the , I\u8217\'92d suck your dick. Amen. Alright the ushers will be passign around a basket, and I\u8217\'92d encourage you to donate 10% of your income.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Challenged to mensur}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 To become a christian, you must first learn to hate yourself. }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \~The majority of scars appear on the left side of the face due to the fact that many fencers were trained in a right-handed style! }
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 They\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re sociopaths, you\u8217\'92re not. That\u8217\'92s why you\u8217\'92ll stick with your boring ass job and not start a cult. }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m chomping at the bit}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Its champing}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Chamiping, whatever, get those nuts out the way}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Its deez nuts}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Get deez nuts out the way, gottem!}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Heat to incandescence }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Our bodies are burning away.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Death occurs because the spark is burning our bodies. Breath is flame. You burn away until there is nothing left, and then you die. The heat of the body.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Imagine having gone to school with sarah palin. Imagine seeing her stupidity up close in your youth, and the seeing her, somehow, thirty years later, being a sniff away from the presidency.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Mention in previous chapter - maybe the gate chapter, that his nubs had healed.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Journey - attempts to get Elrahet to tell a story.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Minder is fat.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Spending half our goddamn minds reinforcing our models}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 The guru disply - I have achieved happiness, abandoned hatred, people want that, and so they follow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Transition mandri from excitement to hesitation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is the spotlighted in the Shulgi chapter?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 You can't spell subtext without buttsex. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 I had to deal with hisses, barkers, kids with literal bed bugs falling off of them and calling them fleas, I got bit once. This shit ain't new, I had to go through hell through middle and high school with these weird animal kids}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 No shit. I'm like 40 and I had to help a teacher hold the vampire kid down so he'd quit biting people. This isn't new.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Schisol permits Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s centrality because both want complete and utter dominion over mankind, but both for differnet reasons. Both trying to hijack the other\u8217\'92s plans.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0}