{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Son of poet. Aspiring polymath. Art, history, poetry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brash, gets in too deep. Thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cleverer than he is. Naive.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loves love. Keeps loving no matter what. A zealot in this respect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Mandri? Mandrameen? Look just like your father. This one\u8217\'92s sometihng of a princeling. Run out into the desert. What did you find?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Annoyed at lack of respect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, really, what have you found? I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m actually in the same boat - looking for I dont know what out here. Hoping to stumble on something that makes things make sense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why pick him up?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen thinks its to document.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moment where mandri gets big for his britches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, the only reason you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re here, is because we need all the hands and eyes we can get.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Potential - obliterate mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first crew. Then he takes up with ayram. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why remove ayram from the beginning?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - make it more epic if everyone but mandri dies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - makes ayram seem shit if he loses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do we keep Pella there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - hint that something isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t right with pella - but that\u8217\'92s too obvious}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - then where would we introduce pella?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - same place as ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - then she would be traveling with them through the underworld.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - }}