{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This here is what opened my eyes to Mid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does it say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It says, \u8216\'91You must kill yourself.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For a while I marked it as the ravings of one possessed, especially considering what came of that woman. But, in time, I saw some wisdom in it. Perhaps I\u8217\'92m putting the wisdom there, but it feel like I found it. Tell me, have you ever tried killing yourself? Figuratively speaking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever tried living for a while as if Mandrameen Andramawmun were dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Again, I don\u8217\'92t quite follow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Come now, Mandri. Standing here before me, is not Mandrameen, but a fleshy vessel. Inside, there is whatever you want to put inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not getting it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m not. Should I just pretend I\u8217\'92m not me? I don\u8217\'92t think it works that way. I\u8217\'92ll know I\u8217\'92m me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Sal leaned back and sighed. The freeweed seemed to be sapping his energy. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your trauma, Mandri. I\u8217\'92ve got a working theory that every really good artist has some trauma.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what is it? A broken heart? Young man your age, in decent health, that\u8217\'92s usually it. The thing you\u8217\'92ve got to come to understand is that your broken heart is there because }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  put it there. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Mandrameen}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  put it there. If you kill Mandrameen, he can no longer stop you from throwing away his treasure. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll no longer be broken hearted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t put it there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You must see that you did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to blame myself for what other people have done to me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You take no responsibility?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d sooner blame you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know, I\u8217\'92m impressed,\u8221\'94 Salavan continued. \u8220\'93Perhaps now you realize the strength of your own Will. No doubt at some point in your miserable life you\u8217\'92ve tasted it - the thought of something you could do, something you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 wanted}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to do, but wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t dare, because what kind of a }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 would do such a thing? And now here you are! Doing it! Well, you tried to. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the attempt I admire.\u8221\'94 He took a step forward. \u8220\'93But here, let me show you how it\u8217\'92s done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever dream of committing murder?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked. He put the knife up against Mandrameen\u8217\'92s throat. \u8220\'93You chew on your Will in your dreams and here you\u8217\'92ve tried to let it out, but it\u8217\'92s gotten stuck, and what\u8217\'92s this? It\u8217\'92s welling up in your throat.\u8221\'94 Salavan peered into Mandrameen\u8217\'92s gasping mouth. \u8220\'93Yes, I can see it!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed with glee. \u8220\'93Hah! I can see it there inside of you now! The way everything is }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 squirming}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  in there.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 He set the knife\u8217\'92s blunt edge against Mandrameen\u8217\'92s tongue and pressed down. \u8220\'93Yes! Gods, you really fucked this up Mandrameen. When you pass on into the Hell, that should be your final thought, that this is }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  your fault.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan was a tall, large man. Easily twice Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s size. too, and rich enough to be wrapped in a yellow silk robe replete with roses embroidered in pink. He standing on his stoop, out of the rain, and beckoned Mandrameen inside. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was beginning to wonder if you were coming,\u8221\'94 Salavan said. \u8220\'93The wife and girls are out, so it\u8217\'92s just us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hope Marta was able cook a little something before she left,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said as he stomped up the wide portico stairs to where Salavan was standing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes, I told her you were on the way,\u8221\'94 Salavan said with a chuckle. \u8220\'93She finished a few pot-stickers before she left, just for you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your wife is divine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed she is. But where is Soreel?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen paused to remove his sandals, then stuck his feet out into the rain to rid them of mud. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. She said she\u8217\'92d meet me up here, but I haven\u8217\'92t seen her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She said that? Well that\u8217\'92s no matter. How are you? Haven\u8217\'92t seen you in years! You\u8217\'92re not drunk already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A little, sure.\u8221\'94 said Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were red and witless, his nose was runny, and his mouth seemed as if it were stuck in a permanent sigh.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan gave Mandrameen a practiced but insincere look of concern. Mandrameen was too }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 weak}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to be of any real concern.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re soaking and muddy,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93Let me get you washed up. A towel and some clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen tried to brush him off. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, that\u8217\'92s fine. I won\u8217\'92t be long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense, I insist.\u8221\'94 Salavan said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t be long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen, I don\u8217\'92t care about }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  being dirty, I care about my floors being dirty.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 He clapped his hands and a servant boy rushed out with a lump of soap, a scrub, and a towel. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan made sure the boy gave Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s arms and legs a good scrubbing, then made the boy fetch a tunic. Once Mandrameen was dried and changed, wearing the same dull garb that the boy was, he was ushered into the main hall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As if an honored position on Meskalim\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Hill were not enough, Salavan\u8217\'92s home was the one of the largest around, certainly its opulence was second to none. It had cost Salavan three siver-strings of imported lumber just to burn enough lime to make enough plaster to coat the massive walls. The rare paints for the fresco that wrapped around the interior atrium took another fortune more - though it was a magnificent work of art in skill and in subject. It depicted Sol at the very moment of his apotheosis - the sun-god was laid out across the eastern wall, wearing a beatific smile, clearly pleased with the sight of his sword as he plunged it into his brother\u8217\'92s back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To business then!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed. He clapped Mandrameen on the shoulder and led him towards the staircase which climbed up to the second floor, where dinner awaited. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen, you know I\u8217\'92ve been impressed with how you\u8217\'92ve handled things, considering the circumstances. Lesser men would be looking for someone to blame. Blame the Gods. You could have even blamed me.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Blamed you?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know, small men, they delight in nuturing resentment against the man who buys them. That\u8217\'92s all they have, really.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. That doesn\u8217\'92t sound like me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Quite right. That\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m saying. You\u8217\'92re a good man, and a good man never dwells on failure. It\u8217\'92s on to the next opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no,\u8221\'94 Pyelte said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not why it doesn\u8217\'92t matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the wife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see. Business can wait, I suppose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I really thought she would... I mean\u8230\'85 I took her to the Fordwell, and really, it was so beautiful. Sol could have descended in a cloud right then and there to give us a blessing. I mean it was a }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 beautiful}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  day.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So is today - in it\u8217\'92s own way.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The second floor of Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s house had a high ceiling and high windows that offered a stunning view of the storm outside. By now, the rains had started to move on, and they made room for Sol\u8217\'92s golden light to shift into pink and purple pastels as it played on the city and the clouds all around. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Common to the fashion of the Solean elite, the furnishings of Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s second story were muted and tasteful so as to pick up Sol\u8217\'92s light. Here the floor was covered in massive rugs that were subtly patterned with white lilies and were trimmed with glittering gold ropes. They served as giant picture frames for the colors that Sol cast upon them. On top were pillows upon pillows for comfort, all white with gold tassels and ivory lace threading them together. In one corner, the floor had been hollowed out to accommodate a hefty hotstone. It was heated by the kitchen below and a burning brazier above. It was already portioned with meats. At the sides of the stone were reclining chairs made of rope strung into angled ebony frames. Mandrameen sighed as he reclined into his, then munched on a potsticker that he had pulled from the hotstone. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Half an hour ago, the rain was cold and overwhelming. Now, it was a cozy and soothing murmur set against the warm light of the brazier.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Claire has been the hardest bit for me,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said in between bites. \u8220\'93The drought, the fields, this cursed storm that\u8217\'92s going to ruin the land\u8230\'85 I can handle those. But her\u8230\'85 Twenty-two years\u8230\'85 Its the kind of thing when you lose, its gone forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You two aren\u8217\'92t separating, are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She was cheating on me, Salavan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen pauses as the emotion wells up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen, you\u8217\'92re in a tragic spot and I\u8217\'92m sorry for that,\u8221\'94 Sal said as he lit up a wrap of freeweed. His great bulk was still settling into his chair. \u8220\'93But, I\u8217\'92ve got to be honest - I can\u8217\'92t relate to what you are going through. I\u8217\'92ve heard stories of loves-lost and loves-lorn and I\u8217\'92ve tasted it a little, but, well you know that Marta and I were kids when we were married.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Sal said before taking a long drag from his wrap, \u8220\'93I can give you financial and business advice, but what you need right now, I can\u8217\'92t give it to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen bit into another potsticker. He savored the sweet peach sauce in which the shredded chicken had been baked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is so good,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If only I could steal Marta from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are certainly welcome to try,\u8221\'94 Sal said, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose I would fail.\u8221\'94 Mandrameen moaned. \u8220\'93At this point, I would have to pay for it if I wanted intimacy.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s this face. This damned body. Like my father\u8217\'92s - I don\u8217\'92t understand how he ever got a woman to stick with him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Claire\u8217\'92s not that shallow. Besides, your father was richer than I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8220\'93 Mandrameen asserted, eager not to be distracted from his pity. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sal took another drag from his wrap before continuing on to his point. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just settle for a woman that will have you for your money. You\u8217\'92ve not got much of it left, but any little bit of money out here can go a good ways. Money has a way of motivating a person to look deeper into a Being. First she\u8217\'92ll have you for your money, and I trust, in time, she\u8217\'92ll have you for you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been married to Claire for thirteen years, Sal. If that wasn\u8217\'92t long enough to\u8230\'85 wait, are you saying I should move on already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sal leaned back in his ornamented chair and folded his hands across his stomach. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve spent your whole life getting what you want in the way that you want it, Mandrameen, except this one thing. You\u8217\'92re spoiled - no, that\u8217\'92s not fair - You\u8217\'92re stubborn. Women of consequence, women like Claire, they pick up on that as soon as you open your mouth. No one wants to be stuck with a stubborn ass for a lifetime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s flippancy was disturbing. Sal looked down his nose at the broken man, and in the flickering firelight he caught the glimmer of tears streaking down Mandrameen\u8217\'92s face. Sal looked away in disgust, and caught sight of the horizon. There, Sol\u8217\'92s light was dimming, the rain was letting up, and through it he could make out the evening song of Swassel birds drifting in on a cool breeze. The mood would have been delightful if it weren\u8217\'92t for Mandrameen\u8217\'92s sorrow clouding the room.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have some freeweed,\u8221\'94 Sal demanded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen, I may not know the depths of your sadness -\u8221\'94 Salavan said with a sarcastic bite, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92ve had my share of sadness in general, and a wrap of freeweed blunts its edge. It\u8217\'92s the only thing I can offer you. Take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen wiped his eyes with the palm of his hand and tried to compose himself before taking a wrap from the tray near him. He then stood up to light it in the fire that burned above the hotstone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think this is it for me,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said as he rolled the tip of the wrap in the flame. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m done. I\u8217\'92m finally done with it all. I\u8217\'92m going to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Sal asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to make me say it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Say what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen simply smiled, turned his chair to face Salavan, and sat back down to nurse his freeweed and glare at Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ve considered all alternatives. I don\u8217\'92t need to remind you that in the eyes of the Gods killing yourself is the same as killing any other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alternatives...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever get to hear old Pella Germin preach?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t go in for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I heard her preach once. She said that we are expected to kill ourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She said something like, \u8216\'91Corruption is a stain that does not wash off. To be free of it, to achieve peace, you must first kill yourself.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You were there when she preached this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was. For a while I marked it as the ravings of a Dreamer, especially considering what came of her. But, in time, I saw some wisdom in it. Perhaps I put the wisdom there, but it felt like I found it. So tell me, have you tried killing yourself? Figuratively, I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It means, try living for a little bit as if Mandrameen Andramawmun were dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a bit heretical, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no. Follow me here. From this moment on, Mandrameen is dead, and residing inside this fleshy vessel is whoever you want to put in there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If it were possible... Well, what? I should just pretend I\u8217\'92m not me? I don\u8217\'92t think it works that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Sal leaned forward. The freeweed was working its energy into him. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your broken heart is there because }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  put it there. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Mandrameen}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  put it there. If you kill Mandrameen, he can no longer stop you from throwing away his treasure.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 put it there?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! You must see that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I should blame myself for what other people have done to me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You take no responsibility?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d sooner blame you, Sal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What? You didn\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92d find out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Salavan, I saw you two fucking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The accusation fell like a hammer blow, it flattened out the mood and stunned Salavan into silence. He narrowed his eyes, sat back in his chair, and glared at Mandrameen while the moment passed between them. Only when it was good and gone did he grunt and snarl and huff and say , \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Mandrameen leapt up out of his chair, his face flushed and his limbs tight with purpose. He reached into his tunic for his knife.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He had left it with his wet clothes downstairs. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re so god-damned stupid,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re looking for this?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He took Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s knife out of his own pocket.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know I was wondering about this - I know you\u8217\'92re one of those loony Dreamer types who never travel armed, and so I wondered\u8230\'85 but I thought you were just going to kill yourself. But my! How could I forget - you\u8217\'92re an ambitious man!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He stood up. The great bulk of him dwarfed Mandrameen. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s knees almost buckled. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know, I\u8217\'92m impressed,\u8221\'94 Salavan continued. \u8220\'93Perhaps now you realize the strength of your own Will. No doubt at some point in your miserable life you\u8217\'92ve tasted it - the thought of something you could do, something you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 wanted}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to do, but wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t dare, because what kind of a }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 would do such a thing? And now here you are! Doing it! Well, you tried to. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the attempt I admire.\u8221\'94 He took a step forward. \u8220\'93But here, let me show you how it\u8217\'92s done.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen turned to run, but Salavan kicked out at his feet. It was enough to knock a drunken Mandrameen to the carpet. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan pounced.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hold still, Mandrameen! Hold still!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stop! Help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan used his great strength to wrestle Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s flailing limbs into submission, and used his weight to squeeze the air from Mandrameen\u8217\'92s lungs. He delighted in the pitiful sound that Mandrameen made as he wheezed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever dream of committing murder?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked. He put the knife up against Mandrameen\u8217\'92s throat. \u8220\'93You chew on your Will in your dreams and here you\u8217\'92ve tried to let it out, but it\u8217\'92s gotten stuck, and what\u8217\'92s this? It\u8217\'92s welling up in your throat.\u8221\'94 Salavan peered into Mandrameen\u8217\'92s gasping mouth. \u8220\'93Yes, I can see it!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed with glee. \u8220\'93Hah! I can see it there inside of you now! The way everything is }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 squirming}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  in there.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 He set the knife\u8217\'92s blunt edge against Mandrameen\u8217\'92s tongue and pressed down. \u8220\'93Yes! Gods, you really fucked this up Mandrameen. When you pass on into the Hell, that should be your final thought, that this is }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  your fault.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tears streamed down Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face and his lungs burned in agony. Salavan paused his ramblings to delight in the picture. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no greater feeling,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s vision started to blur, he thought he could see something at the window - a shadow of a figure. It pulled itself up and into the room. It was shrouded and skinny and tall, absolutely massive, nearly the height of the ceiling. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen thought that Death incarnate had come. His time was at an end.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan screamed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93EAAAUUUGHHH!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The knife fell from Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth and Salavan tumbled off him to the floor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen coughed and spat and wriggled up against the wall. When his vision cleared he saw that Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s arm was struck with an arrow. At the window was a man, a giant man, taller than even Salavan by at least a foot. At his side was a massive bow. He knocked another arrow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thief! Brigand!\u8221\'94 Salavan yelled, clutching at his pierced arm. He scrambled to his feet and ran towards the stairs, but he stopped when he saw that it was blocked by another hooded figure. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hill!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A short, squat man all wrapped in black ascended the stairs. He held a scimitar in his hand, and pointed it towards Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s fat belly. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hill, what are you doing here?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know why. No games,\u8221\'94 Hill said. His speech was thick with a southern Jandreen lilt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Take what you will and be gone!\u8221\'94 Salavan shouted, but Hill ignored him. Instead, he pointed with his sword to the giant at the window.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know who is he?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan twisted round. He had never seen a man as broad or as tall, but he had heard stories. This could only be the famous Giant of the Junei. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, he is Ayram.\u8221\'94 Hill walked round to where Ayram stood. He gave quick glance to Mandrameen, who sat frozen on a heap of pillows. \u8220\'93Ayram is boss, and you make me look bad.\u8221\'94 Hill poked Salavan in the stomach with his sword and then cut the knot which held Salavan\u8217\'92s robe together. It fell apart to reveal a large, hairy belly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram trust me, I trust you, you betray me, it look like I betray Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Betray you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No games.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit Hill! At least tell me what you think I did.\u8221\'94 He turned to plead with Ayram. \u8220\'93Ayram, Ayram whatever this cretin told you about me -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill lashed out with his sword-arm and cut Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s belly. It wasn\u8217\'92t deep, but the speed and shock of it put Salavan off balance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You little demon!\u8221\'94 he roared. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill just tut-tutted and shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You no talk to Ayram,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You deal with me. You broke }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 my}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  trust.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you think it is that I did - I didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. We play game.\u8221\'94 Hill lashed out again and cut an X into Salavan\u8217\'92s belly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93STOP! Hill! Just tell me what the Hell is going on!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You give me bad information. I give it to Ayram. My friends die. You deny this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What? You think I set you up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan shook his head. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hill, you fucking idiot. Why the Hell would I do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is why we be here. To find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hill\u8230\'85 Ayram... You people are more valuable to me than anything. I would never betray you or whatever it is you think. Go ahead! Take whatever you want. There\u8217\'92s no need for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill took a step towards Ayram. His face passed into deadly seriousness.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The call on that caravan - where you get it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m the exchequer for the mining guild. I have access to all of the -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t a mining column.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes it was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That was Imperial cavalry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Imperial cavalry? I pointed you towards a Sheldri company caravan. Seventy-two hands. Five wagons. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Seventy two, yes. Five, yes. But one Seilsi. You left that out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There was a Seilsi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan stumbled over his next words. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A - a Seilsi? What would a Seilsi be doing with -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I have no -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I say stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But I have no -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill plunged his sword into Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thigh. Salavan doubled over then crumpled down to the ground. His blood dripped on to the carpet, and it spread out over the intricate gold patten and soaked deep into the white fibers. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please! Please!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill pulled out his sword and slapped Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s side with it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You a big man, Sal.\u8221\'94 Hill said. \u8220\'93Ayram, how many he can take?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stood still, towering over the scene, stroking his beard with his fingers. He did not respond.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill tilted his head from side to side as he appraised Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s great bulk, then he poked it with his finger to test its firmness.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very fat. I can cut it all off if you like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hill\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me do some asking. If what you say is true -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You doubt the Truth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No! No. Just let me do some asking. I was set up, same as you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You really not know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t! I swear to the Gods I didn\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill looked at Ayram. He nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill lifted his sword above Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93Let the little man do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All three of them looked at Mandrameen. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen, right?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram walked over and picked up Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s knife. He stood close enough that Mandrameen, looking up, could see his face. The brazier\u8217\'92s fire lit it up from underneath so that his sunken cheeks cast shadows over his eyes. Mandrameen could feel his glare digging into him, digging right through his own eyes and into his mind, into his soul, even. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you came here to do,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. He held out Mandrameen\u8217\'92s knife. It seemed like a toothpick in his massive, calloused palm.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m not\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, don\u8217\'92t worry. I heard the whole thing. You\u8217\'92re a man after my own heart, Mandrameen. He deserves it. Let me help you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He reached down and grabbed Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s upper-arm then lifted him up like a child and set him onto his feet. His tight grip seemed so rigged with strength and vigor that Mandrameen thought he might snap the bone with an easy squeeze - but Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t rough. With a paternal touch he guided Mandrameen along to where Salavan knelt, and then placed the knife in Mandrameen\u8217\'92s hand. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan cowered in the flickering firelight, bleeding all over, eyes stuck wide with fear. His heavy breathing was the loudest thing in the room. Mandrameen no longer saw him as a man, as an enemy, but an animal - just meat and bone and terror. He expected Salavan to plead for mercy. He even hesitated to wait for it. When it didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t come he almost asked Salavan if he wanted it, and in his excited mood he might have given it, but his lips quivered and sank and he put the knife up to Salavan\u8217\'92s throat. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A last thought, Salavan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sweat beaded down the sides of Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face. He glanced round the room - over to Hill, up to Ayram, and when his eyes settled at last on Mandrameen he furrowed his brow and opened his mouth to speak, but before he could get out a word Mandrameen split his throat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan fell forward, face down into the carpet. He gargled and gasped, one arm clutching his throat, one pulling on Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s tunic. Mandrameen tried to swipe it away, but Salavan\u8217\'92s grip was still strong. As Mandrameen staggered back he dragged Salavan along so that his body painted a bloody swath across the rug. Finally, Mandrameen slashed at Salavan\u8217\'92s arm with his knife and that was enough to get rid of it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In a few moments, after a few spasms, Salavan was dead. His sprawling corpse and in his pooling blood was neatly framed by the rectangle of the rug\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s golden trim. His head was even placed on a perfect third, drawing the eye. It was as if Sol had composed the canvas himself so that His twilight could play over the gruesome scene with the firelight, affirming to all who were present His majesty, His Will, .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan, at least, had come to a poetic end.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Somebody\u8217\'92s coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram bounded over to the window and drew his bow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The wife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it!\u8221\'94 Mandrameen yelled. \u8220\'93Hold it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Both Hill and Ayram looked back at Mandrameen for an explanation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s done nothing wrong!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing you know,\u8221\'94 said Hill.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She doesn\u8217\'92t deserve to die,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Deserved to be made a widow, though?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen looked down at his feet. Ayram laughed and loosened his draw. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No worries, my little drunk man. No worries. Come, let us depart.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill jumped out of the window and into evening sky. Ayram tossed Mandrameen down after him, then leapt along beside. The each scurried into the shadow of the wall. Hill moved like mouse, and Ayram seemed to be shadow himself. Mandrameen stumbled along and nearly gave them away as Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s wife, Marta, and her two girls made their way up the stoop.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The two brigands circled around behind and out the gate, and Mandrameen followed along as best he could. Twice, out in the street, he lost track of them. Drunk as he was it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hard, but even sober it would have been difficult; Hill and Ayram were nearly as one with shadow and the shadows grew long as the sun had begun to set. When Ayram doubled back the second time he took a hold of Mandrameen\u8217\'92s wrist and did not let go again for the rest of the journey through Jeket\u8217\'92s streets and alleys. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen was content to be led. He only needed to keep his feet moving. He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to work. He didn\u8217\'92t want to think. He wanted only to cry and to be done with it. When at last they came to a stop inside of a secluded shrine to the Dreamer, he collapsed to his knees and begged to left alone. When Hill opened the door to a little crypt behind the Dreamer\u8217\'92s eye, Ayram picked Mandrameen up and carried him under his arm. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill lit a torch. Inside the shrine there were three plain stone sarcophagi. Hill kicked the lid of the center one open. Mandrameen peered into and was surprised to see that there wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t a mummified corpse, there was a hole. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The way out.\u8221\'94 Hill said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where does it lead?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It be the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Underworld?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked in a frightened whisper. \u8220\'93Here? A passage down is here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re everywhere,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93You just have to know where to look.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At that he tossed Mandrameen down into the hole, then dived in after him.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Ayram interrogating Salaman,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m trying to figure out why you told me it was gold out there. You know what I\u8217\'92m trying to do out here. You know I\u8217\'92d jump at the chance to take out a Mazydei. So when I was knocked out by his blast of power, you know what I was dreaming about for two days? Why would Salavan lie to me about it? Why tip me off to a shipment of gold that isn\u8217\'92t there, and instead lead me into the lion\u8217\'92s den?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, fawning. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re here, you killed him! It\u8217\'92s all good! Good!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can only think of two reasons why you\u8217\'92d set me up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Set you up? No! No. Set up the Imperial scum, sure. Not you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you could have told me. I might not have lost thirty Ayramun that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thirty Ayramun? Forgive me, Ayram. Forgive for saying, with all due respect, that thirty Ayramun is a small price to pay for killing one of the nine, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram gets real close, as if to show by his sheer size that he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t afraid of anything. The mere suggestion that Salavan was up to things Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t was an inslut.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They were Ayramun, Salavan. They were me. You\u8217\'92ve a blood debt to pay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram motions to Hill, who gave shrill whistle. Then Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s family came marching up the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Horror in their faces.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me why you set me up. You figured the Mazydei would kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Kill you? Nonsense. Impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What was it then? Why not just tell me I was up against a Mazydei. You wanted to make sure I killed the beast instead of taking him captive? I think you know they\u8217\'92re worth more to me alive than dead. That\u8217\'92s the only other thing that makes sense here - that he knew something about something and you didn\u8217\'92t want to risk it getting to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Take a Mazydei captive? Nonsense. They\u8217\'92re too powerful to be -\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s words were cut short by a knife to the neck.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only going to ask you this once: What\u8217\'92s going on that you don\u8217\'92t want me to know about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan glances down at the blade.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, this knife here, not going kill you with it. See there\u8217\'92s a knife just like it up against your wife\u8217\'92s neck. Just want you to feel the edge like she\u8217\'92s feeling it. Same shock of fear. Maybe it will sober you up and come clean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re\u8230\'85 You\u8217\'92re going to kill her anyways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but Salavan\u8230\'85 because of your}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  lifestyle}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 and he stressed the word \u8216\'91lifestyle\u8217\'92 as his eyes cast about the room with a disapproving glare, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t expect you to really feel the weight of what I\u8217\'92m about to say, but not all deaths are the same.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram could read the confusion writtin on Salavan face, his gibbering lips.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen people die in seconds. I\u8217\'92ve seen people suffer years of torment. And it\u8217\'92s not just a matter of time. I\u8217\'92ve seen people suffer years in seconds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan is like, Mandrameen! Didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t expect to see you! Where\u8217\'92s soreel? Whats the secret to your beer. I hear its date syrup, but every time I put it in, its got this sweet, cloying taste that coats the tongue and its terrible.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A high, stuccoed wall shielded Salavan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s courtyard from the world, and two guards were standing at the gate. Mandrameen walked up them, told them who he was, and they let him in. By now his sparkling vision was beginning to fade.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He knew he wanted to kill Salavan. After that, he had only to decide how he wanted to die. The most poetic end would be to wander down one of the thief infested alleys near the Heberdee Gate - one final stab in the back would be fitting.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not good business to kill a man if you can squeeze something out of him.}}