{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next afternoon they stumbled upon a smooth black column sticking up out of the sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a plain granite column, not Fabled Black}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should read it,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s gotta sign on the bottom. Funniest shit I ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wandered around the column\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base, while the Ayramun hid from the sun for a while in the column\u8217\'92s long shadow. Since Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t read Old Jandri, he had to turn around and let Obo translate the words graven into the stone plaque.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first bit is too scuffed to read,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93But the rest says, \u8216\'91Things are said of her Kings that are shameful to relate, in particular regarding Sixa the Very Great, the first King whose seat was in Duur. The falseness of those infamous lies can begin to be suspected by noticing that, with refined cunning, they all make reference to alleged incidents that in themselves are unverifiable. Let it hereby be declared and known\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Sixa the Very Great never had relations with a cow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They made this whole column to announce this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Moreover,\u8221\'94 Obo continued to read, \u8220\'93King Sixa\u8217\'92s son, King Shura the Extremely Great, who didn\u8217\'92t permit even as Prince that in the temples his errors and sins could be concealed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never hid his true sins and defects. Whoever wishes to know them has only to read his ten-thousandth Kingly Decree, or hear his heavenly vision from the good harvest of 1021. In none of these is it revealed that he is the result of mixed breeding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re making that up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was sitting on the column's plinth nearby. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The column wasn\u8217\'92t put here by Shura, it was put up by his enemies to make jest at his expense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But why put it in the middle of nowhere?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The middle of nowhere? Wasn\u8217\'92t always the middle of nowhere. Was once the middle of everywhere. This  spot of desert was once the womb of cities.\u8221\'94 She gestured broadly out at the Sand with her cane. The raw landscape was subtly colored by a host of stubby, gray-green pencil weeds and crawling bushes. In the distant south was a line of dune-brinks, topped with smoky spindrifts, and in the distant north, flying high, was a flock of wheeling, screaming blackbirds fighting over the scraps of some unseen corpse. There were no cities in it, nor even the ruins of one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each mound of dirt you see was once a city.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked again, and every quadrant of the horizon was studded by at least four or five great mounds which Mandri had taken to be the natural work of the earth. They were even standing on a mound. The thought that what was under his feet was a city was laughable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet smirked and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They aren\u8217\'92t Hrkan cities, mind, these cities here were small and made of clay. Houses of unbaked brick, plastered with clay. Thatched roofs covered with clay. Each year, a fresh coat of clay. The rains came and the clay washed down from the walls and into the street, so more clay was added. The mounds grew up.\u8221\'94 She stabbed the mound with her stick. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it all started.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From then on, Mandri never called the Sand empty. It was as empty as a graveyard, which is to say, not empty at all.}}