{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going to like what I have to say here, so I feel like I shouldn\u8217\'92t say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is there that you could possibly say? I just told you that the Hrks slaughtered my people, and you don\u8217\'92t think they\u8217\'92re evil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that I think they\u8217\'92re good, I just don\u8217\'92t think that Hrk is worse than anyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pshaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone looks out for themselves, more or less. Everyone is taking advantage of someone else, whether they know it or not. The only difference is that the Hrks have a lot more power, so it\u8217\'92s all scaled up. So where your outland tribe might only be taking the spit out of a few people, Hrks are doing it to thousands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re doing it to hundreds of thousands. Millions\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it weren\u8217\'92t the Hrks doing it, it\u8217\'92d be someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dismissive laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve spent too much time in the cities with all the snakes and spiders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you what. I\u8217\'92ve met enough people to know that we\u8217\'92re all more or less the same. If you had the reins of a nation as big as Hrk, you\u8217\'92d be bullying everyone else into doing what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the exact opposite of what I would do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you because I\u8217\'92ve seen it play out already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you?\u8221\'94}}