{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri-720\sl312\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sheldruub is the Old Jandri word for the final stage of rebirth, characterized by a staticky prickling at the edge of the mind. It is the same word ascribed to the wild slosh of ocean foam that gets beached during a world storm. Such storms can blanket an entire coast six feet deep with salty pale-brown spume. When the storm eventually passes and the sun shines down, the air becomes saturated with the hiss of an uncountable number of bubbles popping through the course of days. The noise is not loud, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s simply there and it is everywhere, a sound whose source can\u8217\'92t be placed and so it becomes something like the wind, a force of nature, hardly noticed except for when it disappears, and when it does there comes the sight and memory of solid ground\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 though the ground is not the same as it once was for the storm has ravaged it.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi720\ri-720\sl312\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandrameen didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the Sheldruub. He didn\u8217\'92t notice the feeling of his own blood pumping through his veins and tickling his insides. He didn\u8217\'92t notice these things because he was afraid, and he was afraid because his first rekindling thought was that he was dead and that this was the afterlife and that he was a cold corpse floating in a black void. The signs were unmistakable. His very bones felt frigid and his whole face was numb\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 if his face was there at all. There was the unmistakable putrescence of rotting flesh. Mandri knew the smell so well because when he was a child, rats frequently died underneath his tiled floor, and he\u8217\'92d have to endure the smell or sleep outside. The first night he slept outside, a spawn of gilt flies got to him. When he woke up, his whole left cheek was covered in hard red welts the size of fingernails, and since the other half had been safely nestled in his pillow he looked like he\u8217\'92d been slapped in the face by disease. The only real}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 option back then was to endure the smell. This is not to say that he got accustomed to it. The smell of rot was always upsetting, especially now, because, presumably, that smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And he could not move. Dead things do not move, therefore, he was dead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yet, he }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 could}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  breathe. His breath was icy coming out of his throat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He tried again to move but neither his legs nor arms would bend. He wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if he had legs or arms at all, for he couldn\u8217\'92t truly feel them\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 there was only a general chill where his legs and arms should be. As he was coming to terms with the idea that his mind had been decoupled from his flesh and that all these sensations were but phantom memories and that his consciousness was floating somewhere inside his decomposing corpse, his eyes opened. They didn\u8217\'92t open far for they\u8217\'92d been glued shut by the crust of death, and Mandri closed them again as soon as he realized what was happening. He didn\u8217\'92t want to see the afterlife until he\u8217\'92d properly prepared for it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he finally opened his eyes again he was confronted with a low sandstone ceiling directly above him, a ceiling stained black with soot. This dark surface flickered in a meager firelight. It was a natural stone, a familiar texture where the rocky surface was smooth, craggy, and porous all at once\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a difficult thing to capture with a brush. It was a surface unmarred by the clawing rake of chisels, making it clear that this was no tomb, or mineshaft, or one of those rock-hewn hermit homes that pock the Hias. A cave such as this, Mandri surmised, could only mean that he had been borne down to Shis. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could not move his neck. His eyes flicked about. The cramped walls of his cave bulged out in places and disappeared into pitch-blackness in others.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Surely, this was Shis.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t quite match his expectations. Shis was said to be a giant pit under the earth which housed a city of demons, and in its center was a mountain-sized tornado of fire that swept up the dead and raked their flailing bodies against white-hot spikes of iron embedded in the pit\u8217\'92s walls. Somehow, this process cleansed an individual\u8217\'92s Spark of any impurities. There were other, less popular, visions of Shis. There was one fresco in the city of Frum which matched the present environ neatly. In this version of Shis, the dead are sequestered away deep underground in bubbles of rock. Those who repent of their sins are free to waste away, while those whose sins are too great to be forgiven suffer a different fate. Their caves become cocoons in which their tainted Sparks morph their flesh into some species of demon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri closed his eyes and conjured up an image of the dark earth riddled with pockets of air like this one, each one occupied by a waking corpse like him, each person forced to endure the mire of their own stench for an odd eternity. He found it pleasant. He wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be bothered in a place like that. There\u8217\'92d be no obligations. And since he was already dead, he didn\u8217\'92t have to worry about food.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, he had the full use of his neck. He looked down at his body and saw that he was wrapped tight in a brown woolen blanket, and he lay flat on a bed of straw. He thought it was strange for place such as Shis to provide simple comforts. He looked to his left, to the source of light in the middle of the floor, and was surprised to see that it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t a tongue of fire piping up from the bowels of the earth. It was, instead, a small flame dancing on a thick wick which bathed in a shallow clay tallow bowl. Its scant yellow light was just enough to illuminate a pale and naked creature who lay slumped on its side on the opposite end of the cave.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This pale creature was a humanlike, smaller than Mandri. It looked like something between a scrawny pubescent boy with gangly proportions, and a hairless, wingless bat. In truer light the thing might not seem so ghoulish, but in the yellow dimness it resembled a jaundiced dog huddled up against the world. Its deathly pale skin was obscured all around by streaks of crusted mud. This creature was so skinny that its stringy tendons were almost as large as its muscles, and its deeply furrowed ribs shuddered with its every breath. Its stomach was grossly distended, and its narrow shoulders were naturally hunched. Mandri supposed the creature was a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91him\u8217\'92, but he wasn\u8217\'92t sure, for its groin was completely smooth and lacked any sign of gender. But \u8216\'91he\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91she\u8217\'92 makes no difference when the subject in question was a demon\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that\u8217\'92s what Mandri supposed it was.That\u8217\'92s the only possible thing it could be.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite the demon\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s deformities, its face was smooth and fair, gaunt, even handsome, replete with a serene expression that was couched in generic Hrkan features\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 thin lips and sad eyes, all in symmetrical and genderless proportion. And it was alive. Its gray eyes were studying a grievous wound afflicting its chest\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a long line of crude, scabbed-up stitches ran up the middle of its sternum and bent over its heart. Two stitches nearer the sternum had burst, leaving a red-lipped slit that exposed gleaming bone\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 but that wasn\u8217\'92t the worst of the abuse meted upon this creature, for its hands had been cut off at the wrists. In their place were blood-stained poultices wrapped tight with white scrap. The hands themselves, spindly and long-fingered, were sitting in a far corner of the cave, one stacked on top of the other like a pair of gloves ready to be slipped on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why a demon had met such abuse, Mandri was not sure. Perhaps this was a human half-transformed, still suffering through its long punishment. A cell-mate. A vision of what was in store for him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had no doubt he would be tortured. And after the torture, there would come periods of healing, hence the stitching on the demon\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s chest and the bandaged arms. This all made sense because Shis couldn\u8217\'92t be all torture all the time. There would need to be moments like this of healing to allow time for reflection. And no doubt the torture would fit the crimes he\u8217\'92d committed up on the surface. This creature here had clearly been a thief. Why else would they cut off his hands? The chest wound was harder to parse. The stitches ran over the heart so perhaps this former person had committed a crime of passion. That might also explain the erasure of its genitalia. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was such a pitiful sight. It might have been frightful, but the creature didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t seem capable of moving. It never even looked Mandri. Eventually it fell asleep, and when it did, Mandri felt at ease enough to lay back down and try to predict what style torture was in store for himself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought long and hard about his crimes. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d never committed any unshoulderable sins, nothing to warrant being impaled on a spike a thousand times or tossed into a lake of fire. People shamed him for giving up on life, but as far as he knew, that wasn\u8217\'92t explicitly forbidden. Who was he harming? No one. Harming himself? Nonsense. He was only trying to find a bit of peace. He found peace by losing himself in burgeons, sure, but if that was wrong then the blame was on whoever had created burgeons, and that was the gods.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t killed himself, so there was that. He used to want to kill himself, and when he made the mistake of expressing this out loud. He told a Solitant priest, and the man said he\u8217\'92d kill Mandri himself if Mandri ever said anything like it again. That made as much sense as threatening to throw someone off a cliff after they\u8217\'92ve threatened to jump.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This little reminiscence led Mandri to the conclusion that if Solraheen truly wanted to torture some purity back into Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark, the best way to do it would be to put him right back up there on the surface and surround him with people like that teacher. Abusive old folk, violent assholes, the ignorant, the dumb, the vain people. People who don\u8217\'92t make sense\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that\u8217\'92s everyone in general, really. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t discriminate when it came to hating people. He himself was a person. He hated himself as much as anyone else.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was self-hatred a crime against the Spark?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If it was, there could be only one punishment with any poetic significance\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 he would be made to hurt himself. Somehow this place was going to get him to cut his own throat, or kick his own severed head into a hole. But he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t some penitent pilgrim who took special delight in the cleansing awe of pain, so he\u8217\'92d need some prodding. He might be forced to ingest some mind-controlling substance, or be strapped into some ancient contraption of iron, knives, chains, and pulleys that could bend his arms against his will and make him flay himself. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He tried to bend his arms, but he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t. He did have arms wrapped under that brown blanket. He could feel them now. Then he saw his fingertips sticking out from under a blanket fold, and like what happens in a dream, as soon as he saw them feeling flooded into them. All at once, he had full use of his arms.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wriggled around to loosen the blanket, and then pulled his left arm free. It was in remarkably good condition for a dead man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s arm. He tossed off the blanket and was surprised to find that his whole body was more or less how he\u8217\'92d left it. He was still wearing that white tunic foisted upon him by Salavan Soreen. Nothing was black and rotting as he\u8217\'92d expected, though he was much dirtier, as if he\u8217\'92d just been pulled from the grave. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sat up and his joints creaked. This drew the attention of that ghoulish demon, whose pale eyes studied him with a cat-like curiosity. Then it pushed itself upright with its elbows, matching Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s pose, and suddenly the creature didn\u8217\'92t seem so helpless. Mandri decided he should look for a way out of this cramped little space.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood up, slow and deliberate, half because he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to make any sudden movements that could be misinterpreted, and half because his muscles simply couldn\u8217\'92t move any faster. He backed up against his side of the cave, neck bent against the low ceiling, and he felt his way along the sandstone towards the shadows on his right.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock in that direction dipped into a little hollow with no way out. So, Mandri shuffled back the other way, keeping close to the rock, staying as far away as he could from the pale creature who watched him with curious intent. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s searching fingers found a wide crack in the rock behind him. It seemed like a dark opening that he could shimmy through, but when he stuck his arm into it, his fingers butted up against stone. Satisfied that there was no way through, and eager to not have his back exposed in present company, he returned to his brown blanket and straw bed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was only one other direction to explore. Behind the creatures right shoulder was a hole in the rock that was wide enough to crawl into. Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes strained to see if it dead-ended.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no way out that way,\u8221\'94 the demon said. Its voice was even and clear, shockingly free of the rankling pain it must be feeling. \u8220\'93Or I should say, there }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  an opening there that leads straight up, but it is not something you can fit through. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid it\u8217\'92s just another cranny for the lizards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lizards?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. The word flew out of his mouth without him realizing he was starting up a conversation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Lizards,\u8221\'94 the demon said. It pointed up with the bloody stub that was its arm. There on the ceiling, half-buried in sooty cracks, were a dozen or so black blobs that Mandri had mistaken for shadows. He only understood what they were when one of them squeaked and then scurried along the ceiling towards the unexplored passageway, its tiny talons scratching the rock as it went. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon laughed. It was an inviting laugh, and it had an unmistakable Hrkan lilt. Mandri wondered if this half-boy-half-demon still remembered who it was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He asked it straight, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Obo,\u8221\'94 said the creature.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pulled his blanket up tight around his shoulders. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a demon?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smiled. His smile was radiant even in this dim lamplight. Mandri had been expecting fangs, but wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t surprised, for a disarming smile could be just as useful for a demon\u8217\'92s purposes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think I\u8217\'92m a demon?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I do. I am not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You look like a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your body is a perversion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is it!?\u8221\'94 said Obo as he studied his own pale self in mock surprise. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t look so well yourself.\u8221\'94 Obo leaned forward slightly and said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve given you my name, so its only fair if you give me yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to tell you my name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said flatly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re under no obligation,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93but sharing one\u8217\'92s name is a kindly gesture. I think we could both use a friend, considering our circumstances.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what would you do with my name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I would call you by it. What else would I do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had heard stories about what demons did with names. Some outland folk kept their true names hidden even from family for fear of what demons could do if they ever overheard it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about this,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell me your name, that\u8217\'92s fine. What utterance should I make to grab your attention?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want you grabbing my attention.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you feel threatened by me?\u8221\'94 Obo asked, amused. \u8220\'93What am I going to do, scuttle over there, and then do what? Bleed on you? I couldn\u8217\'92t kill a fly.\u8221\'94 Obo held up his two handless stumps to belabor the point.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to tell you my name,\u8221\'94 said Mandri again, and that was final.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then I will make up a name for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I shall call you Chit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Chit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You look like a Chit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt offended. He was no Chit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mothers who love their sons a certain way tend to name them Chit. Chitavar. Chitavareen. They leave the boys too long on the tit. It makes the child all pouty. They all have that mousey look you have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo waved a bloody arm in Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s general direction, as if Mandri was the very embodiment of \u8216\'91mousey\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you say, demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re so sure that I\u8217\'92m a demon. That\u8217\'92s the unfounded certainty that\u8217\'92s so typical of a Chit. Or maybe that\u8217\'92s more of a Lurk. Is your name Lurk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Call me what you want,\u8221\'94 said Mandri as he drew the blanket tighter around his shoulders. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only the two of us here, names don\u8217\'92t matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Only the two of us here? Are you sure about that? You missed the lizards, you might have missed something bigger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted around the cave, suddenly expecting something to jump out of the shadows. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s that certainty melting away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri eyed the hole of darkness behind Obo.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smirked and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not there. There\u8217\'92s a person sitting on the other side of that crack behind you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That crack ends in stone, I checked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It ends in a stone door. Listen, if you don\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Listen for what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down, and listen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not calm down, but he did listen, and he heard nothing. Then Obo started mimicking a snoring sound, his stumpy arm directing the pitch in and out, directing Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s attention towards its steady rhythm. Then Mandri caught it, faintest of faint sounds sneaking out of the crack in the wall to his left\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 someone was there, snoring.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Our jailer, I suspect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not a demon, no, not unless a demon\u8217\'92s snore sounds exactly like an underfed Jandri man who\u8217\'92s chewed too many borcandi spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can tell all that from the sound of a snore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Borcandi juice gets phlegmy in the throat. It gives it that\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 you hear it? It gives the snore that sputtering tune.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo leaned back against the rock. His casual demeanor at such odds with the ruined state of his chest and arms. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, Chit, why do you think everyone down here is a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is this not Shis?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Am I not dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 feel }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dead?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No. But who is to say what being dead feels like? If this is death, then death feels much like living, only colder\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 so then yes, I do feel dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are not dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am dead,\u8221\'94 Mandri said flatly. \u8220\'93I was murdered. I remember dying.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  dead, but at present you are very much alive. When I was brought here you were a corpse. I went to sleep, and then your beating heart woke me up.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can hear my heartbeat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can hear your eyes blink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri instinctively blinked, and then he scowled because he felt like he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d been tricked into it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Only a demon could hear my eyes blink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re not a human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is correct.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then what are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s heart fluttered at the mention, not from fear, but because it actually made a little sense. He\u8217\'92d seen a Mazid before, from a distance. It had the same pale white skin, the same smooth face, the same slightness of size. But he\u8217\'92d never seen a Mazid naked, and surely, the Lords and their guild could do better than this.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you,\u8221\'94 Mandri finally said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mazidobo is my full name. To friends it\u8217\'92s simply, Obo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And how do I know you\u8217\'92re not lying? How do I know you aren\u8217\'92t a demon, and that the snore outside isn\u8217\'92t a demon. The only thing I do know is that I died. I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 that I died. Then I wake up in a cave filled with black lizards and a freak\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 you expect me to believe that this is not some hollow of Shis?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does that matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I died in the Meskalem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s close enough to the Junei Pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why does that matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because the Junei Pass is close enough to the Pitted Portion, and these lizards, as far as I know, only live in the pitted portion. They sleep half the year and then they wiggle out of the ground when packberry blooms, and }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 only }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 when}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 packberry blooms, and packberry only grows in the Pitted Portion. These fellows aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t opportunistic feeders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your point?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You died in Meskalem, and your body is still fresh so you couldn\u8217\'92t have been dead long, meaning your corpse couldn\u8217\'92t have been carried far. Then you wake up in an underground cave infested with these rumpheads\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that\u8217\'92s what the lizards called. It stands to reason that you are not in Shis, that you are, indeed, inside a cave which pocks the Pitted Portion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A cave in the Pitted Portion could still be a part of Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you wake up next to }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . We Mazidai have no divine Spark of our own and so we cannot, by our very nature, die and be carried to the afterlife. Is it not at least conceivable that you are not in the afterlife, that your dead body was found, brought down here, and then, through some unknown means, brought back to life?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who could have done all this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I assume it was done by the same people who brought me down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And who are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am not entirely sure. My Minder and I were tasked with destroying a band of outlaws who haunted the Junei Pass. These outlaws overcame us. They slayed my Minder, captured me, and then brought me down here. They are a brood of thieves, zealots of a kind, but other than that, I do not know much about them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t believe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mere incredulity is not a rational argument.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazid who can hear my eyes blink gets ambushed by a bunch of outland thieves? }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  not rational. And if you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re one of the Mazidai you could prove it\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 spit Mazidfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I cannot, as the ability to breathe fire is contingent upon my Minder\u8217\'92s mood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said your Minder was killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I must have been bonded to a new one, though I do not know how or by whom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then do something else that only a Mazid can do\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 something more than listening to my eyes blink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The only other obvious thing that a Mazid can do that a human can\u8217\'92t is admit when we\u8217\'92re wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bullshit. I know the Mazidai have other powers. I know you can read minds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s simply not true. We are observant, and that catches some people by surprise and they leap to fanciful conclusions. I should ask you a question or two\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 why do you think a place like this is worthy of the title, \u8216\'91Shis\u8217\'92? Why even assume that Shis is where you go when you die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because people need to be punished for the things they did wrong, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The gods don\u8217\'92t seem too concerned about justice in the real world, so I don\u8217\'92t see why they\u8217\'92d be concerned about it in the world hereafter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you an idiot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Am I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If people can go and do whatever they want to other people and not face consequences when they\u8217\'92re dead\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that would be horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I would go further than that and say it would be evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What would a Sparkless Mazid know about good and evil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you admit that I\u8217\'92m a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m saying that if you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a Mazid, you wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be trying to convince me that the world is evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m not. I was merely presenting an alternative point of view as a kind of exercise. I find it suspect that whenever a human talks about the \u8216\'91will of the gods\u8217\'92 and the structure of the universe, it always lines up with your own personal prejudices. The truth is that while }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  think the afterlife needs to be a world of woe deep underneath the earth, Solraheen, Schisol, Roz, Broz, and the rest of the dead gods\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 they might not feel the same way.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But they do feel the same way. Solraheen created us from His Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Humans created me, and yet I am nothing at all like you. There is some resemblance in physical form, but beyond that, I can assure you, the only thing we truly have in common is the capacity for language.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You look enough like a human to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A moth looks like a leaf, does that make it a leaf? Or is there something fundamentally different about its nature?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hated it when people used metaphors to make a point. Just because one thing roughly maps onto another doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t mean that there\u8217\'92s any truth in it. All it does is pull the argument out into murky water where it's suffocated with things that don't matter. And Mandri was about to tell Obo as much when he was interrupted by the sound of a muffled argument breaking out from behind the wall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scooted towards the crack to get a better listen. He couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t make out the words. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He asked Obo, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are they arguing about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo cocked his ear towards the crack. After a brief moment, he said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently our guard wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to leave us alone. His defense is that this little cave of ours reeks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92d be right,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, casting an accusing eye at Obo.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry about that,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing I can do. But we should probably stop talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because I am going to pretend to be asleep. I\u8217\'92d appreciate it if you didn\u8217\'92t give my ruse away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, Obo laid back down and assumed the exact position he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d been in when Mandri first saw him, and as soon as Obo closed his eyes Mandri heard the sound of stone sliding against stone. The grinding sounded out, the door opened, torchlight flooded in, and not long after a short and stout Jandri man bumbled into the cave, hunched over, the flame of his torch licking the ceiling. Behind him came another man, skinnier, more Hrkan-like, but just as ragged all the same.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the stout man saw Mandri sitting up, staring at him, he nearly dropped his torch.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The boy\u8217\'92s awake!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93I told you that could happen!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He slapped the skinny man in the back of the head, who then said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m telling Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Nothin\u8217\'92s happened! Look at \u8216\'91im! He\u8217\'92s barely moved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stout man with the torch turned his attention to Obo, who was feigning a pitiful, fitful sleep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 the stout man said. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t tell. But you\u8217\'92ve got to carry the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fine by me. Barely weighs more than a pinch of tinder anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skinny man stomped over to where Obo lay and made a fuss about how there wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t enough room to maneuver.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked the stout man, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that really a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man held the torch near to Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face, stinging Mandri\u8217\'92s nose with its heat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t talk,\u8221\'94 he said. The whole left side of his face was all scarred up and his beard was a scraggly patch of ugly fuzz. His breath was somehow fouler than the stench of the room.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94\line \tab \u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94 the stout man shouted. He followed it up with a sterner, firmer, \u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skinny man leaned into the light and said to Mandri, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you flap them lips again, I\u8217\'92ll clip \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stout man nodded in agreement.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it is now,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re with the Ayramun, and with us, if you break the rules, you get broken. And the rule for you is, you nod or shake your head\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that\u8217\'92s all you do, nod or shake. You understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skinny man spat a wad of unspeakable phlegm right onto Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s knee. The man chuckled to himself, then said to Mandri, \u8220\'93What were you doin\u8217\'92 out in that ravine, anyways?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not know how to answer the question by only moving his head. He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d be able to answer it with words. He had no idea what the man was talking about.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skinny man laughed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s like a rat in a bucket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You will be too if we don\u8217\'92t hurry up,\u8221\'94 said the stouter fellow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skinny man pulled Mazidobo\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s limp weight up onto his shoulders and he ferried the Mazid out into the darkness. The stout man pulled Mandri up by the collar of his tunic and forced him to follow behind the skinny man. As Mandri left the cave, he caught a glimmer of Obo\u8217\'92s cheek and he swore he saw the Mazid wink. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t help but smile. If that thing were a demon, well, he liked the demon more than these two brutes.}}