{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At this point Obo had been gagged by a gray rag, put there at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s command. Obo gave a muffled plea to be free of it, bu}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Obo sat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or stood\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite sure how to define Obo in his vertical state. He was standing on his legs, but his legs were little more than his ass.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He would say Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t strong enough to wield him. If no one can Mind him, then the only solution is for him to receive a Spark. Don\u8217\'92t worry about what a Mazid says. Don\u8217\'92t worry about what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 say. You need to focus on yourself. Stop worrying about what everybody else thinks.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she interesting,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, lying. \u8220\'93What makes you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re all interesting. I wonder if they\u8217\'92re a death cult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A death cult?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, concerned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bright voice tilted with excitement as he explained. \u8220\'93They match the pattern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the way they handled those giant corpses inside of Minting Rock, and the way they gathered up those who fell in battle, Hrk and Ayramun alike, into one big pile. Most would keep them separate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That pile of bodies was supposed to be a sphere,\u8221\'94 said Mandri as he recalled the back-breaking work he\u8217\'92d done to make it happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That fits. Compress them all into a tight ball, for in death all Sparks will be joined together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing everyone would bring peace on earth, wouldn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 And suddenly, he had to pee. As he relieved himself, a small brown lizard came crawling out of the sand to lick at the beads of urine that splashed down. As soon as it realized the liquid wasn\u8217\'92t water, it scurried back down into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But if they want everything to die, then why try to kill the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Death cults will kill each other as much as anyone else. I\u8217\'92m sure that even amongst the darker forces, there are schisms. They probably kill each other for the right to kill everyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many Ayramun did they start out with? Fifty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe it was forty-three.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scanned the horizon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was wide open space in every direction. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any hills to hide behind, but the shadows behind every bush were dark as Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you say to walking off in a different direction?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you are actually allowed to leave, and if you were, I doubt they\u8217\'92d be happy if you took me with you. I think the correct decision here is to continue on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wiggled his member and dropped his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be said that I think this is all a bad idea.\u8221\'94}}