{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.palmarianchurch.org/lies-calumnies-and-the-media"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.palmarianchurch.org/lies-calumnies-and-the-media}}{/}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Although very good and useful things can be found on the Internet, we know as well that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a place where irresponsible anonymity and shameless animosity regrettably compete, embracing perverse calumniation.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 My favorite part of their lore is that they believe that neither Jesus nor Mary nor Joseph ever went to the bathroom.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Things are said of her Popes that are painful to repeat, in particular regarding Saint Gregory XVII the Very Great, the first Pope whose See was in El Palmar de Troya. The falseness of those infamous lies can begin to be suspected simply noticing that, with refined cunning, they all make reference to alleged incidents that in themselves are unverifiable. Moreover, Saint Gregory XVII \endash  in the same way as his first predecessor, Saint Peter I the Very Great, who didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t permit even as Pope that in the Gospel his errors and sins be concealed \endash  never hid his true sins and defects: whoever wishes to know them has only to read his twenty-seventh Pontifical Document or his heavenly vision from 21st of January 2001.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We would ask all those who are exposed to the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93information\u8221\'94 on the Palmarian Church that is spread around on the Internet to consider it with the prudence and common sense that everything published on the Internet requires, but above all, to follow the infallible counsel and warning of Christ: \u8220\'93By their fruits or deeds you shall know them\u8221\'94.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 sufferings caused by the incomprehension}{ of others}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have yet to find a place in the land of iraq, except in the newly formed delta, on which one can stand and not see two or three cities clearly outlined on the horizon. The worry is not how to find one, but which to choose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 build a little mound of clay that would raise the foundations of the houses a trifle above the level of the ground. We thus have beginning of the mound. The houses were built with walls of unbaked bricks and plastered with clay. The roofs of the private dwellings were generally thatched and covered with a thick layer of clay that prevented the rain from filtering through. Each year, the plaster on the outside walls had to be renewed. The roofs also got a fresh coating of clay. All the clay that had been washed down from walls and roof was depositedi nthestreet, so the street level gradually increased in height. Also, no provision for the disposal of refuse, if one ate shellfish, the shells were thrown into the street to remain there. If a change was made in the plan of a house, all the bricks would go into the street.}}