{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen had never been raised from the dead before. If he had known such a thing was possible, then perhaps he would have noticed how it felt to be reinserted into Nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s causal flow. It is a sublime sensation, a staticky prickling at the edges of the subconscious as the Divine Spark reasserts its grip on the body. The Ayramun call it \u8216\'91Sheldruub', which is an Old-Jandri word for the wild slosh of ocean foam that gets blown inland during a world storm. Entire beaches get covered six feet deep in that salty brown foam. When the storm passes and the sun peeks out, the air gets filled with the white noise of a hundred trillion foam bubbles popping. It\u8217\'92s not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 loud}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just there and ever-present under the familiar sounds of nature; the wind blowing and the waves crashing and the gulls cawing overhead. When the foam disappears so does the static and all that\u8217\'92s left is solid ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandrameen didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the Sheldruub. And he didn\u8217\'92t notice the warm blood tickling his insides back into working order. No, he was wholly preoccupied with the certain fact that he was dead and that this was the afterlife. All the other surface sensations pointed towards the fact that he was a cold corpse. The skin on his shoulders shivered and the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end. His nose was numb and his lips were cracked and stinging. On top of it all, there was the unmistakable putrescence of rotting flesh. It was the exact same smell that ruined his every summer, because the space under the floor of his bedroom was a popular destination for old rats looking to die. He wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to throw out their stinking corpses because he\u8217\'92d have to tear up the mosaic floor to get at them. His father told him he could either endure the smell or sleep outside, but the first night Mandri slept outside, the summer spawn of gilt flies got at him. When he woke up, half his face was covered in hard, red welts the size of fingernails; the other half had been safely nestled in his pillow, so he looked like he\u8217\'92d been slapped in the face by disease. So, the only }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 real }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 option was to endure the smell, and endure it he did. This is not to say that he got accustomed to it. The smell of death was always dreadful, always upsetting, especially now, because, presumably, that smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there was the uncomfortable fact that he could not move. Dead things don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet, he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  breathe, and dead things don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t breathe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath was icy coming out of his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tried again to move but neither his legs nor arms would bend. It got to a point where he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if he had legs or arms at all, for he couldn\u8217\'92t truly feel them. He couldn\u8217\'92t even roll his body this way or that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as he was coming to terms with the fact that his mind was decoupled from his flesh and his consciousness was floating somewhere inside his decomposing body, he found he could open his eyes. It was difficult thing to do as they were caked shut by the crust of slumber. They opened slowly, and Mandri was almost disappointed. As soon as they were wide enough to parse the caught a glimpse of where they were, he shut them tight again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was lying flat on a floor of a cave lit by flame. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surely, he thought, this is Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He snuck another peek to make sure, and sure enough, it was a cave - a natural cave, not a quarry or mineshaft or one of those rock-hewn hermit homes that pock the Zagros. The texture of the sandstone was a study in contradictions: it was smooth and craggy and porous all at once. The ceiling was low, and the walls bulbed out in places and disappeared into pitch-blackness in others. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are stories that say that Shis is a giant pit under the earth where the blackness that is the soul is cleansed from the Spark by fire. In that pit is a tornado of flesh and flame and ringing out loud is a chorus of screams, the like of which can turn a man mad if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s to hear it before his time. This didn\u8217\'92t quite fit that. For starters, it wasn\u8217\'92t a pit. And it wasn\u8217\'92t burning flesh he smelled, it was rotting flesh. He was trapped inside his own rotting body which was itself trapped inside a bubble of rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye conjured a different image of the Underworld. One where the rock under the earth is riddled with pockets of air like this one, each one occupied by a waking corpse, and everyone is forced to endure the mire of their own stench for eternity. It wasn\u8217\'92t a vision of the afterlife he\u8217\'92d ever been taught, but then again, he always supposed he\u8217\'92d never been taught the correct one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen summoned the courage to open his eyes again. This time he found he had the use of his neck. He looked down at his body and saw that he was wrapped tight in a brown woolen blanket and was lying on a bed of straw. He thought it was strange for such a place as the Underworld to provide simple comforts. He looked to his left, to the source of the flame, and was relieved to see that it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a jet of fire piping up from the bowels of the earth, it was a regular copper oil lamp sitting in the middle of this little cave. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other side of that lamp, however, side-slumped against the limestone, was the most disturbing manlike creature Mandrameen had ever seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was not human. It had arms and legs and the right skeletal structure, and its naked skin was pale and white like a Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, but the thing seemed as much like a giant hairless mouse. Mandri could count its ribs and the notches along its spine. It\u8217\'92s stomach was grossly distended, extruding out from its abdomen that it lolled over its scrawny thighs and onto the floor. Its chest was short and cramped and this drew the shoulders inward, giving the thing a hunched appearance, like it was better suited to walking on all fours, dragging its belly like a pregnant mouse as it went. Though its skin clung tight to its flesh, there wasn\u8217\'92t the slightest hint of a vein or artery anywhere. It was all sinew, skin, stomach, and bones. Mandrameen thought it was a \u8216\'91him\u8217\'92, but he wasn\u8217\'92t sure, for the creature\u8217\'92s groin was completely smooth and lacked any sign of genitals. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri would have figured it for a ghoul if its face weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so smooth and fair. Its was reminiscent of an articulated mannequin that Mandrameen\u8217\'92s mother had given to him as boy, which was a wooden thing held together with copper wire and could hold a dynamic pose long enough to be drawn. The creature here in this cavern had a similar look - a generic Hrkan head, with even eyes, a straight nose, a thin mouth, all in symmetrical and genderless proportion. Its expression was identical to the wooden puppet, locked in a sterile stare. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thankfully, the thing wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t looking at him. It was preoccupied with the grievous wounds afflicting its body. Mandri could just make out a long line of stitches running down the middle of the creature\u8217\'92s chest, forming a suture that was caked in blood. Two stitches at the bottom had burst, leaving an open slit just below the sternum - but that wasn\u8217\'92t even the worst of it, for the creature\u8217\'92s hands had been cut off at the wrists. In their place were blood-stained poultices wrapped tight with cotton bandages. The hands themselves, spindly and long-fingered, were sitting in a far corner of the cave, one stacked on top of the other, like a pair of gloves ready for work.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was some kind of ghost, Mandrameen was sure. It was either one of Moon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creatures, or a fallen star. Or, Mandrameen feared, this was a human like him. This was what Mandrameen would become. All recognizable details that made Mandrameen, Mandrameen would be ground into oblivion. All laugh lines and moles and fleshy color and shaggy hair, it would all be cut out and smoothed over until all that is left is this expressionless puppet in the general shape a human being. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he were an architect of the Underworld, that was how he would do it. Those without virtue should find terror in its place, and an eon of terror would turn a person into this creature. And it made sense to heal the wounds after inflicting them. Mandrameen understood the power of contrast. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d make sure it wasn\u8217\'92t all-torture all-the-time, because then the pain would lose its meaning. There would need to be moments like this of healing, of hope. He would go further than this, he would put moments of outright pleasure in. Such highs would make the lows, lower and make the terror more complete when its ripped away.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d also make sure the torture fit the crime. Like this creature here had clearly been a thief. Cutting off the hands was a common enough punishment up on the surface, perhaps down here all thieves were doomed to have their hands lopped off and then regrown and then lopped off again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The chest wound was a less obvious bit of imagery. The stitches ran over the heart so perhaps it was a crime of passion. Mandrameen didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think much of it because he was more concerned with what his own torture would be. With nothing to do but lay there and think, he thought long and hard about his sins. There weren\u8217\'92t many of them. Nothing at least to warrant being impaled on a spike or thrown into a lake of fire. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His death was a suicide, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think that was some unshoulderable sin. Who was he harming? His father hated him, his mother was dead, and no one else even knew he existed. Harming himself? Solraheen could not sit in judgment of a young man trying to find a bit of peace. If only the only way to find that peace was to hike out alone into the baking Sand, then what does that say about Solraheen\u8217\'92s creation? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But everyone knows that suicides go to the Underworld. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get buried. Their names are shushed and spit at. \u8220\'93How selfish\u8221\'94 some people say, as if they want to do it too, but don\u8217\'92t out of a twisted sense of social obligation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri told a teacher once that he was going to do it. The teacher, a bald and wiry old man, gave him the dimensions of a square cistern and asked him to find how much land could a depth of 12 feet irrigate. Mandri said he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rather kill himself than figure the answer. He said it with complete sincerity, and he was type of child who\u8217\'92d play with people like that on the way out. The old man saw it for what it was, called Mandri a petulant child and slapped him hard upside the head. He threatened to do it again if the boy dared to make light of the gift of life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that was a problem Mandri wanted to figure out. That old man honestly thought that beating a suicidal kid would do some good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Solraheen truly wanted to torture him, the best way to do it would be to put him right back up there on the surface and surround him with people like his teacher, people who have no conception of what it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like to live in someone else\u8217\'92s skin; the truly selfish bastards, abusive old folk, violent assholes, doctors who reduce destructive emotions to mere tremors of bile in the stomach (take a bit of mari leaf, Mandri, and you\u8217\'92ll feel right as rain). Ignorant, dumb, vain people. And oh, don\u8217\'92t worry, Mandri counted himself among them. He was as much a \u8216\'91people\u8217\'92 as anyone, but at least he had the good sense to admit it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the surface, though, and this creature across the cave certainly wasn\u8217\'92t his old teacher. In such a case, Mandri could think of only one other punishment that would be \u8216\'91on-theme\u8217\'92 with suicide: he would be made to hurt himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Somehow this place was going to get him to cut his own throat, or kick his own head into a lake of fire. There was an infinite class of willful deaths for an artist of the Underworld to play with. Only, Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure how they\u8217\'92d get him to do it. He wasn\u8217\'92t some Solean penitent who took special delight in the \u8216\'91cleansing awe of pain\u8217\'92. He might be forced to ingest some mind-controlling substance, or be strapped into a hellish contraption of iron, knives, chains, and pulleys that could bend his arms against his will and make him stab himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he even had an arm to bend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked back down at his body. There were forms under the blanket where his arms should be. Then he saw his fingertips sticking out from under the sides, and like what happens in a dream, as soon saw them and knew that had them, feeling flooded into them. Suddenly, he had arms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He threw the blanket off and saw that his whole body was more or less how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left it; a little bruised but it was all there and functioning, not black and rotting. He could wiggle his toes. And he was still dressed in his blue tunic, which was still dusted red from the clay of the Hias road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked over at the ghoulish creature and the thing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were on him now. It seemed surprised. Mandrameen wondered if he was supposed to do something, speak to the creature, but decided the best thing to do was to try and see if there was a way out of this place. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stood up, slow and deliberate, hands showing, careful not to make any sudden movements. He felt his way along the sandstone towards his right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a few steps he could see that the rock in that direction dipped into a little hollow with no way out. So, Mandri went back to his left, keeping close to the rock, staying as far as he could from the pale creature that was watching him with curious intent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To his left, hidden from the flickering lamplight, was a wide crack and what seemed like an opening that he could shimmy through. He put his arm into it, and his fingers butted up against stone. Satisfied that there was no way through, and eager to not have his back exposed in present company, he returned to his straw bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was only one way left to explore. There was a patch of darkness near the creature, a spot where sandstone bent backwards and the weak lamplight could reach. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes strained to see if there were a glimmer of rock, or if the darkness really did go all the way back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature shook its head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then it spoke. Its voice was shockingly clear, free of the rankling pain it must be feeling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no way out that way,\u8221\'94 it said. \u8220\'93There }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  an opening that leads up, but it is not something you can fit through. Just another cranny for bats.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bats?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. The word flew out of his mouth without him realizing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Bats,\u8221\'94 the creature said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It pointed up with the stub of its arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked up. There, clinging to cracks in the rock ceiling, were a dozen or so furry black blobs. Bats. No bigger than the palm of his hand. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never seen their kind before. He\u8217\'92d only heard stories about them, mostly creation stories, like how Mid summoned creatures out of the night to haunt the skies, and out came bats. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of them dropped from its spot and flew into the unexplored passageway, silent as the darkness which swallowed it up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri closed his gaping mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wanted to walk past. Would need a stiff bit of lumber lashed to his spine to keep him upright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Best not to talk to a might-be-a-demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Best thing to do was sit right back down on that bed of straw, wrap that blanket around his shoulders, and pray that it was all a dream, or else pray for deliverance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri crept back along the wall to his spot of straw, back hunched, almost bowing in obeisance to the creature as he went. He knew now that it was no mere creature, and not a husk of a human being either. There was a depth in its eyes and it could speak, and there was even affectation in its voice, an unmistakable Hrkan lilt. Most of all, despite its pitiful state - the scrawny frame, the bruises, the scar, the missing limbs - there was a liveliness in its spirit that outshone his own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, in this place, Mandri was the creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat down, made the blanket into a shawl, and tried to meet the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature saw him look away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to hurt you. Not that I\u8217\'92d be able to. I don\u8217\'92t bear anyone ill will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pulled the blanket tighter around his shoulders, and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature smiled. He had human teeth, flat, clean, white, and even, radiant even in this dim lamplight. Mandri had been expecting fangs. But this meant nothing. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard that some agents of the Dark wield beautiful, disarming smiles. Too ugly - demon. Too clean and perfect - demon. This one here was a mixture of the two; the body was a perversion of the human form, the head a .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think I\u8217\'92m a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My body?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a perversion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A perversion of what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The human form.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it!? Nice to meet you, too. My name is Oro. What is yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to tell you my name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re under no obligation,\u8221\'94 the creature Oro said, \u8220\'93but sharing one\u8217\'92s name is a friendly gesture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri paused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what would you do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would call you by it. What else does one do with a name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever it is demons do with names.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What power do you think a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 name}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  has?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shrugged. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard stories. Some peoples keep their names hidden even from family. They walk around with clay cylinder\u8217\'92s around their necks that functioned as names.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about this,\u8221\'94 Oro said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell me your name. What utterance should I make to grab your attention?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want you grabbing my attention.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro leans forward. The hand was his own fault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You feel threatened. But what am I going to do? Amble over there, and then do what? Bleed on you? The horror. Please, friend, I look strange, I know, but get over it. I am not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to tell you my name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I will make up a name for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I shall call you Chit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look like a Chit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri found it absurd. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does a \u8216\'91Chit\u8217\'92 look like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mothers who love their sons a certain way name them Chit. Chitawar. Chitawareen. Pampered boys. They become dour boys. You\u8217\'92ve got that mousey look. I bet you think highly of yourself, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why in shis do people keep saying that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? You don\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody one hates me more than me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I find that hard to believe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unfounded certainty. So typical of a Chit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a \u8216\'91Chit\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re Chit until you give me your name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pause as Mandri is like, this dude is fucking with me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter, call me what you want. There\u8217\'92s only the two of us here in this little hole in the Underworld. Call out any name you like, and I\u8217\'92ll be the only person to answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again with the certainty. You think that there is only two of us down here. You are so }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 certain}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of that. And - ah, yes, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that certainty melting away. Wonderful. You were so certain just then, and now you are beginning to think you might be wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looks around. If he missed the bats, maybe he missed something or someone else. He eyed the cleft of darkness that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been too afraid to check, the bit near Oro.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro smirked, and said. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, he is not back there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop playing games,\u8221\'94 Mandri demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then listen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen for what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down, and just listen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Calm down. Moment of silence. Then Oro starts snoring. Arm stump directing the pitch in and out. Directing Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention to the steady rhythm. Then he caught it, faintest of faint sounds, echoing out of the crack in the wall to his left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s someone out there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our jailer, I suspect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro, bemused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not unless a demon\u8217\'92s snore sounds exactly like an underweight Jandri man who\u8217\'92s spent too much time chewing on karkle spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can tell all that from just a snore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Karkle juice gets phlegmy in the throat. It gives it that - you hear it? Gives the snore that wet, kind of sputtering lilt.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro leaned back against the rock. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, Chit, why do you think everyone down here is a demon? These bats, are they demons too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Creatures of Lahoraheen. Creatures of the Dark. Natural for them to be roosting in the Underworld.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s that again, \u8216\'91the Underworld\u8217\'92. You don\u8217\'92t mean, the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Underworld}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Underworld, do you?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I do. Am I not dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 feel }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dead?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri said firmly. \u8220\'93But who is to say what being dead feels like. If this is death, then death feels much like living, only colder - so then yes, I do feel dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are not dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am dead,\u8221\'94 Mandri said flatly. \u8220\'93I remember dying.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  dead. At present you are very much alive.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dead?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I was asleep and you were dead. Then your heart started beating. It beat so loud that it woke me up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You brought me back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh I had nothing to do with it. To be honest, I did not know human hearts could restart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I believed. Yet, here you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri instinctively doubts that Oro could hear his heart, though he could hear the man snoring outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what are you then? Are you dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I\u8217\'92m not alive, either. I am, in the words of my master, \u8216\'91merely animated tissue\u8217\'92. Or more aptly, \u8216\'91Energized meat\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a demon then!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You talk of your master. You are neither alive nor dead. You are not human. You are serve the Dark God.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If by \u8216\'91Dark God\u8217\'92 you are referring to king of Hrk, then you are correct. But I think you are thinking of Lahoraheen, no? Ancient God of the night. Buried under the earth. Judge of the damned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You serve the king of Hrk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That it what I said, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wheels start to turn. Perhaps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you one of the Mazydai?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am indeed. Mazyd Oro is my full title. Just Oro to friends. Pleasure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro laughed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, Chit, you can\u8217\'92t reveal the of the truth of a matter through sheer certainty.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I know you\u8217\'92re not lying? How do I know you aren\u8217\'92t a demon, and that the snore outside isn\u8217\'92t a demon. I died. I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that I died and you admit as much. Then I wake up in a cave underground filled with bats and a wretched creature who pesters me. You expect me to believe that this is not the Underworld? You expect me to tell you my name?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really think this is the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think that life after death should be so much like the regular old world? There\u8217\'92s an infinite class of cosmic realities and you think that when you die you go to\u8230\'85 this? A dark hovel under the earth? Not a colorful explosion of , not a infinitely recursive pattern bluring the , no, when you die you go to a cave, the kind just like the. Let it never be said that the mind of a Chit lacks originality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what is this place if not the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The regular old world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93fuck off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe a demon? No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s okay. Don\u8217\'92t believe me, believe the bats.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Contorted his face }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These bats are not demons. They are simple bats, bush-tailed bats. You can tell from the way their wings attach to the spine instead of the sides, and, well, by the bushy tails.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know how many kinds of bats there are in Jandria? Hundreds. There\u8217\'92s more kinds of bats than there are kinds of dog, or cat. Or any other furry creature for that matter. Why should it be that there are bush-tailed bats in the Underworld, bush-tailed bats and not, say leaf-eared bats or black-tipped bats.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re just bats.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, Chit, where did you die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I died in the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Where}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in the Sand? Near the Junei Pass? The Eastern Hias?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. But a demon would know that, wouldn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that because Bush-tailed bats live in the Hias. They sleep all winter and then they come out at spring to feast on the nectar of redberry blooms, and }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 only }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 redberry blooms. Unlike most bats, they aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t opportunistic feeders. There\u8217\'92s only one place on the whole continent where redberry bushes grow - on the slopes of the Eastern Hias.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s you\u8217\'92re point?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You died in the Eastern Hias, and your body is still fresh so you couldn\u8217\'92t have been dead long, meaning your corpse couldn\u8217\'92t have been carried far. Then you wake up in an underground cave near some bush-tails, and bush-tails roost in the caves of the Pitted Portion, right next to the Junei Pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s more is that you wake up next to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . I have no Divine Spark and so I cannot, by my very nature, die and go to the afterlife. Taken all together, is it not conceivable that you are not in the afterlife, that your dead body was found, brought down here, and then, through unknown means, brought back to life?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who would have done all this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assume it was done by the same people who brought me down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not entirely sure. I thought you were one of them until you opened your mouth. Haven\u8217\'92t seen them except from a distance. Thieves of , zealots of a kind, could be band outlaws. They laid an ambush for me on an old smuggler\u8217\'92s road, just outside the Junei Pass. There was a battle and somehow they overcame me. The last thing I remember is an explosion of rock. Then I woke up here, all cut up, like you see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were ambushed on a smuggler\u8217\'92s road? Was it Scuttle Road?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I died on Scuttle Road.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened for the first time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you get a look at your killer? Did you know them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said I died, I didn\u8217\'92t say I was killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then how did you die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just\u8230\'85 died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was it the heat? Thirst?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More or less.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Were you by yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That seems foolish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was trying to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Well then,\u8221\'94 Oro grunted. \u8220\'93Not foolish at all. You accomplished exactly what you set out to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yet, here I am. Alive again. Or so you claim.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Chit, that is what I claim.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri chafed under the weight of Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s . No M}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, a Mazyd lord wouldn\u8217\'92t be so petty. They are regal people, and you stoop to name-calling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you recall, not two fingers ago, you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 told}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  me to call you any name that I like.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did, but\u8230\'85 but you didn\u8217\'92t have to be all snooty about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You insult my appearance. You call me a demon. You are unwilling to accept the truth of your situation. You are completely without empathy. As of now you\u8217\'92re deserving of nothing more than Chit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re one of the Mazydai, then prove it - spit golden fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was recently robbed of that ability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then do something else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have only the one perceptible power. Other than the body, which you take for a demon\u8217\'92s, the only perceptible difference between me and you is that I am willing to accept when I am wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you supposed to know things that normal people don\u8217\'92t know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are learned creatures, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happens when a dies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On that matter, there are conflicting reports, and to no one\u8217\'92s surprise, these reports are unreliable. I should ask you that question, seeing as you\u8217\'92ve been there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t remember anything of death. I died and woke up here. If I went anywhere while dead, then I don\u8217\'92t remember it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then perhaps that is how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Why does death have to be different than an undreaming sleep?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because people need to be punished for the things they did wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Divine justice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gods don\u8217\'92t seem too concerned about justice in this world, so I don\u8217\'92t see why they\u8217\'92d be concerned about it in the world hereafter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Punishment is the only way it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 does}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  make sense. If people can go and do whatever they want to other people and not face consequences\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would be horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Horrible. Terrible. You might say, unjust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only way that I could believe that this is isn\u8217\'92t Shis, that this is all real, is if this is my punishment. I went against the word of the Septuagint and committed the crime of self-harm. I tried to escape this world, and so, it would be fitting to send me right back. Poetic, in a way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First you think the gods care about justice, now you think they care about poetry?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sneered at Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bigotry. \u8220\'93What do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  know about the gods?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t even have a Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You believe, then, that I am a Mazyd Oro and not a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you are right, I don\u8217\'92t know much about the gods. The one thing I do know, however, is to never assume that anyone thinks and feels the same way that I do about anything - and that holds true for gods especially.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s only true because you were not made in their image. Why should you think and feel as they do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is true, humans created me - and yet, I am nothing at all like you. There is some resemblance in physical form, but beyond that, I can assure you, the only thing we share is the capacity for language.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem human-like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A moth seems leaf-like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that even mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means that - ah, hold on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something unseen and unheard interrupted Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thought. Mandri wondered what it could be. Oro closed his eyes. After a moment, he said in a hushed whisper, \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s movement outside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the way Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head was cocked, Mandri supposed the movement was coming from where the snoring was earlier. Mandri held his breath and tried to listen in himself. He caught what he thought was the muffled of an argument. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He made to crawl towards crack to get a better listen. Oro stopped him with a brusque, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tsk!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri froze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s voices.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do they say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 \u8220\'93Evidently our guard was supposed to be in here.\u8221\'94 He smiled. \u8220\'93They suppose that we are both asleep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro saw the worry written in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. He said, \u8220\'93Should we humor them? Pretend to be asleep?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll keep my eyes open, thank you very much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Suit yourself,\u8221\'94 Oro said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, Oro slumped up against the wall. Assumed the precise position he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been in when Mandri saw him. So precisely the same, that Mandri began to wonder if the entire conversation he\u8217\'92d just had was only a dream. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And by the way, if it turns out that you\u8217\'92re wrong, and it\u8217\'92s not two demons stepping through that stone, then please, for me, soak your face in a bowl of beaten eggs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the sound of stone grinding against stone. Mandri looked to his left, hairs on his neck standing on end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A short and stout Jandri man tumbled into the cave, and behind him came another who looked just like him, only a with a beard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first man saw Mandri sitting up, staring at him, he nearly dropped his torch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy\u8217\'92s awake!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Christ, Sob, I told you,\u8221\'94 said the second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m telling Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Nothing\u8217\'92s happened! Look! Look at him! Barely moved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man with the torch glanced at Oro, who was feigning his fuge state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t tell, but you\u8217\'92ve got to carry the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine by me. He hardly weighs more than a poke of tinder anyways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You pick up that Mazyd - make sure they mention that Oro is indeed a Mazyd. Moment where mandri is like, is that really a mazydai?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Swing around, torch almost brushing Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You! You don\u8217\'92t talk!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wha-\u8221\'94\line \tab \u8220\'93No! No!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other man chimed in. Oro was slumped across his shoulders. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re among the Ayramun now,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got to earn the right to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nod or shake your head, that\u8217\'92s all you do. Nod or shake. You understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now boy, what the hell are you doing out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93HA! He\u8217\'92s like a rat in a bucket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leans in, eyes sizzling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer this, boy - what in the hell were you doing out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did not know how to answer that by only moving his head. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know if he could answer it with words.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d I say about flappin\u8217\'92 them lips? How\u8217\'92d you figure that meant you could spit piss in my general direction?\u8221\'94 Bib tsked at Mandri\u8217\'92s insolence. \u8220\'93You break the rules you get what\u8217\'92s comin. That\u8217\'92s how it be in the Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0}