{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 NOTE: Reinforce chopped off hands - }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Consider bringing the reader along with Mandri and not revealing that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back in the world from the start.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen had never been raised from the dead before. If he had known such a thing was possible, then perhaps he would have guessed that the staticky prickling at the edge of his mind was the Spark reasserting its grip on his body. Instead he was barely aware of it. He was barely aware of awareness itself. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was something suspect about this creature\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s behavior. If this was indeed a boy who\u8217\'92d been suffering alone for decades down here in Shis, starved of all companionship as he slowly mutated into a servant of Schisol, well, Mandi supposed that such a person would be less inquisitive, more overbearing. And if that person had their hands recently lopped off, and their chest pried open, then they should either be whimpering in pain or knocked out entirely. Yet Obo was sitting there, blood and mud stained, without a single hair on his body and fewer cares it seemed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Contorted his face }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93These lizards, I believe they\u8217\'92re called knobheads, distinguished from other black-backed lizards by the extreme shortness of the neck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know how many different species of lizard there are in Jandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No one does. But we do know is that there\u8217\'92s more kinds of lizard than there are kinds of anything else with teeth. So, its worth considering, why should it be that there are black ball lizards in Shis, and not, say, leaf-eared lizards or hook-tipped lizards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri believes demons exist, but thought they were eradicated - existing only in the depths of Shis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 MAKE sure this description of map of Shis matches with Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s memory of it in Pit Cave.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Earlier in the novel, some reference to Shis, perhaps in Meskalem.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 eyes swollen. }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Did salavan put him in a tunic??? }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd says, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Again, you are\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 to repeat himself.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wager words.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ending insert some of Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s difficulty in moving. Also have Forty in there, and she runs away to avoid responsibility.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The somewhat paradoxical notion of being too important to have responsibilities.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0}