{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mainstream, orthodoxy called Caswarism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Essentially catharism - Peaceful, but preaches escape from suffering. Discourages intercourse, marriage. Purification ritual prior to death. Priests are called Blameless. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caswar is the central figure, a kind of guru a thousand years ago who branded the doctrine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heresies:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mohunites:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shadowy sect that is more hardline than the mainstream version. Not peaceful. Killing is worth it to prevent millions more souls from being born. Strict vegetarian - will not consume anything that is associated with meat and moving, conscious life. Also despise suffering. Just want this shit to be over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Planning a pestilence. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Difficult task. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have a firm grip on the zosan king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s court.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Difficult task to convince the zosan king that his general is corrupt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91We are moon followers, yes, but the moon and the sun have been sharing the sky for a thousand years. Until that changes, we can all live in harmony. We are a peaceful people. We hate the material world, but we hate suffering more.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91You don\u8217\'92t understand. Your general is the head of a plot which seeks to end on the morrow.\u8217\'92}}