{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 1 : Ayram}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ______________}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The poet Mandrameen once said that every artist who has tried to capture the beauty of Nature has failed. For him the problem is always the same: art is seduction, its purpose is to divert attention away from what is really there to what the artist wants you to see - but nothing is more seductive than Nature. Nothing can match it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grandeur and complexity at scale, for inside every leaf, rock, cloud, and tree are systems within systems, patterns within patterns for as far as it is possible to look. The shock of this beauty goes straight to the spinal cord, and if the mood is right, it hits with an intensity that no poet or painter could hope to achieve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen taught that the Sand focuses this beauty. There the desert heat pulls the mind out from the body, like a cork from a bottle, and if you are left to linger in the sun, all desires, plots, and fantasies will evaporate. Nothing is left to support a delicate ego. When Nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beauty rushes in, it flushes the ego out, it loses it in the wide open spaces of sand and sky. All that\u8217\'92s left for the inner eye to see is the truth about the edge between one\u8217\'92s self and the Universe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or so Mandrameen believed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was at least an honest attempt to explain why all religions of the Empire were born in the Sand, and why the beating heart of each of them is the grand city of Jeket, Jewel of the Desert, an oasis in the middle of the world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cynic Seculla took a different view. She claimed that prophets and messiahs flock to the Sand - and Jeket in particular - because gold flows through it. The stuff filters into the city from mines in the interior, and once the cut is taken, it leaves down river then out to sea towards Carcina, the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s capital. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether or not this is true is a matter of taste. What is undeniable is that, for most folk, gold is more tempting than eternal salvation. After all, gold is just as bright and as immutable as the Divine, but you can touch it. If a pure, soft, sparkling spot of it gets into your hands you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be struck with a yearning akin to spiritual rapture, a yearning for more of it, for as much as you can get. The more enterprising religions channel this effect by casting the gold into idols, and use it to ornament their sacred texts and the walls of their heavenly dwellings. The way that gold scintillates in the candlelight of a dark and cloistered room creates an impression of holiness that is strong enough to lure pilgrims out to shrines nestled deep in the Sand. In such hallowed places, the chosen few may hear the whispered calls of their deities, but godless folk claim that its just the whisperings of the gold, for they hear it too, they can hear it even deep in the ground, and like pious men they devote their lives to the call. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever the reasons for the greed, the religiosity, the pilgrims, the gold, the Empire and its merchant companies, the stage was set in Jeket for Ayram and the band of thirty three killers that followed him. They were religious in their own way, zealots of a kind, but chiefly they were known as thieves, and they were simply too skilled to ever be captured. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella would say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too cautious to be captured\u8221\'94, and as the eldest of Ayram\u8217\'92s band, that was how she liked it. She was sensitive to the risks that younger folk were willing to take, for she had made many of them herself - her fake brass nose could attest to that. Its hard and sparkling sheen stood out oddly against her loose and wrinkled skin, almost as if it were wearing her instead of the other way around. For Pella, it was a reminder of her duty to preach caution and steer the young pups away from prey that fights back. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This imperative dwelled deep in her old arthritic bones, for they would get to tingling whenever danger was near, just as they were tingling now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This doesn\u8217\'92t seem right,\u8221\'94 she grumbled, her voice hoarse and scratchy from years of freeweed abuse. She peered through the lens of her scopic copper tube which was balanced upon a stick. From her perch high in the strata of a sandstone cliff, she could pick out the riders of a distant merchant caravan, and could count their number all the way back to the rear of their column. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seventy-two... and there\u8217\'92s something unnatural about them,\u8221\'94 Pella said.  \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think we should go for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram was standing next to her, taller by at least two feet. He was a giant of a man but skinny, and all his limbs were wrapped tight in wool and leather as if to accentuate his ganglyness. He was stroking his scraggly beard as he tracked Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean \u8216\'91something unnatural\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94 he asked.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With his vision unaided, Ayram could only make out the dust cloud kicked up by the distant caravan - it billowed high into the air and shone brightly as the early morning light picked it out against the darker blue of the fleeing night sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s an odd fix about them.\u8221\'94 Pella said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An odd fix? You\u8217\'92ve counted seventy-two. That\u8217\'92s exactly how many Salavan said there\u8217\'92d be, and they\u8217\'92re coming along at exactly the right time and place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t doubt your man in Jeket. But still, something is off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram kept silent to give Pella time to study their quarry, for it would be stupid to ignore the mood of a woman whose misgivings had saved them several times before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the way they ride,\u8221\'94 Pella concluded. She moved aside to let Ayram peer through the scope. \u8220\'93Have you ever seen a caravan guard ride three by three like that?\u8221\'94 she asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram bent down on one knee and put his eye to the rim of the brass eyepiece. The wagons and their guard quickly came into focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think we should go for it,\u8221\'94 Pella repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shrugged her off and took a moment to absorb the details. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were eight wagons, several more than the average for a gold train, and the tight discipline of the riders made it easy to count their number; three by three as Pella had said. Hardly the ragged band of backwash from the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conquests that passed for caravan hands this far out. Ayram couldn\u8217\'92t make out any insignia or marks that might identify them as professional soldiers. Still, they were quite far out on the Junei plain, and Pella\u8217\'92s old scope was a little dusty. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram compared what he saw to the lay of the ambush that he had set up below. It seemed the most ideal spot to bushwhack such a heavily guarded merchant caravan. It was one of the few short and straight ravines through which a road actually passed. Its slopes were steep so his people would have a clean shot at the whole column, provided all seventy-two and all eight wagons could fit inside. Though there were few trees, there were plenty of boulders and prickly brown bushes for cover. The ends of the ravine were easy enough to manage with chains buried in the sand, which when tugged through pulleys bolted into the rocks, would burst upwards and trap their quarry in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Against fearful men, it would be a slaughter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Against experienced warriors, Ayram was not so sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they weren\u8217\'92t wearing that woolen garb I\u8217\'92d take them for Imperial cavalry,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be that they\u8217\'92ve been drilling common hands,\u8221\'94 Pella suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That could be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or, it could be that those really are Imperial riders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But they\u8217\'92re wrapped in white wool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure. But I\u8217\'92m wrapped in wool and I\u8217\'92m Imperial. Used to be anyways,\u8221\'94 Pella said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An Imperial priestess, not an officer,\u8221\'94 Ayram corrected. \u8220\'93Officers don\u8217\'92t drop their company\u8217\'92s colors for convenience. Even in the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella just laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Sand makes converts of us all, Ayram. Uniforms be damned.\u8221\'94 At that she spit off the side of the cliff and watched it fall. It swayed a little in the cool breeze and landed fifty yards below, where the boy Sendren was stringing his helmwood bow. Sendren looked up at Pella and muttered a curse, but Pella just shook her head and pointed up above her, innocently directing Sendren\u8217\'92s ire towards Relsa who was perched atop the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The point of a uniform isn\u8217\'92t comfort,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93For them it\u8217\'92s hardly even for protection.  It\u8217\'92s about distinction.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure. But still,\u8221\'94 Pella said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Ayram relented, \u8220\'93they could be fighting men.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They could be rabble, they could be Imperials. Would it change your call?\u8221\'94 Pella asked, thinking she knew the answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they are Imperial then they\u8217\'92ll have skin in the game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t run when the killing starts,\u8221\'94 Pella said, finishing his thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the way we\u8217\'92re set up\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This only works if they run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s only completely safe if they run.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it\u8217\'92s off then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram took a moment once more to eye the caravan through Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scope, trying to find some detail that might still swing his decision. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The information he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been given was accurate - the caravan was here as predicted. He and his people were eager, rested, and ready. Smooth sandstone boulders were levered and the tripline fittings were set. The long shadows of the rising sun would keep them hidden until the most opportune moment. There was even the off chance that the witch\u8217\'92s magic might work. Most importantly, their way into and out of the ravine was a hidden crevasse which remained unknown to the Empire, and every day that Ayram delayed he risked its discovery. If found, this stretch of the Junei would be closed to thieves forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Disciplined riders aren\u8217\'92t enough to call this off,\u8221\'94 Ayram finally decided, and handed the glass back to Pella. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then should I whistle the boys?\u8221\'94 Pella asked, looking a little grim - a look which came quite easy for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Ayram replied. \u8220\'93Be sure to stab and flutter it. We need a little extra caution.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Pella nodded, then put her hands to her mouth and whistled the song of the Jade Tresset to let the men know that the ambush was on, and she stabbed and fluttered the high notes, as Ayram had directed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram waited a bit for twittered replies to spring from his people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hiding spots, and then he squeezed his giant frame into the little cave behind him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cloistered within the cramped space was the witch Elrahet. She was an older woman, ten years younger than Pella, although a specific age was rarely a thing ascribed to people of the Sand. Like Ayram, she was Jandrian, and all Jandrians seemed to foreigners like they had been quarried fully formed out of the earth. Their features were as dark, hard, and solemn as any slab of Melthasite ore. Their sundrenched skin was as brown and leathered as the bark of any pepperwood tree.  Elrahet was as much a native creature of the Sand as the sizable horned lizard over whose corpse she squatted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beast was belly up, and her fingers were knuckle deep in it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guts, twisting and twirling as her lips whispered incantations and her eyes searched the pink sliver of morning sky that peeked through the crack in the rocks above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s almost time,\u8221\'94 Ayram warned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Elrahet grimaced and spat at this interruption, though she did not take her eyes off the sky, nor her hand from the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What thing is more vital than blood?\u8221\'94 she asked the world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blood cold as ice\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pushed down with the palm of her hand to squeeze acids out from the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blood hot as a raging fire\u8230\'85.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She squeezed the intestinal organs with her knotted fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would be gods if not for blood\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She ripped the entrails out of their webbed lining, and raised them up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would be dust without it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet then threw the entrails down, back into the body cavity, and stared intently at whatever was going on within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When nothing happened, Elrahet snarled an arcane curse and tore the gash in the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly wider. Into the hole she stuck her skinny arm up to the elbow, then pushed the beast\u8217\'92s innards around in pursuit of something in its groin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its belly bulged and squirmed. Once or twice its limbs twitched, and its tail curled. Ayram supposed that the thing was somehow still alive. When she finally pulled her arm free and sat back with a defeated sigh, it went completely limp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is possible,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said to Ayram in a quiet whisper so that none outside could hear, \u8220\'93that the beast is infertile.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this won\u8217\'92t work?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked as he knelt across from her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not with this beast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram spread apart the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse. He could sense a power coming from the gaping hole in its belly. The blue-grey intestines seemed to writhe and pulse like a knotted mass of worms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well... it was worth a try,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet hissed at his dubiety. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just need fertile blood. Fresh fertile blood,\u8221\'94 she stressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Ayram thought for a moment, then pulled up his sleeve and extended his hairy brown arm towards Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t carve you open,\u8221\'94 Elrahet croaked. \u8220\'93Get me one of the Pazard boys or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no time. It\u8217\'92s either me or Pella... Or no one.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That old Imperial sow isn\u8217\'92t fertile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, extending his arm further.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood was a sacred thing and it was never lightly given by one Jandrian to another. Elrahet had been Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s witch for years and he had never offered a drop to her. She tried to gauge his countenance to see if he was sincere - but his face was set deep in the shadow of his hood and his eyes were sunk back behind bushy brows. His beard hid whatever slight expression his lips might reveal. Even clean shaven and in direct light, the difference between his smile and a frown was almost imperceptible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked down at his arm and eyed the veins that bulged under the skin. She knew his blood would be potent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can do this without you,\u8221\'94 Ayram said with more than a hint of impatience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that, Elrahet pulled a yard of linen and a clay bowl from her bag and laid them between herself and Ayram. Then she unsheathed a patterned blade from her belt and held it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curve length-wise to Ayram\u8217\'92s wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I value your trust,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I yours,\u8221\'94 Ayram replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet savored his courtesy with a near-toothless grin, then eagerly plunged her dagger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip into his flesh. She flicked her wrist with expert care and opened the vein. Ayram remained unstirred, watching with serious intent as blood bubbled out of the wound and ran around his wrist in a steady stream to drip into the bowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  When he had enough, he jerked his arm free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it.\u8221\'94 He said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bowl was just half full.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your gift is humbling, but if that is it\u8230\'85 don\u8217\'92t expect much,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did say that we can do this without you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scowled, then took the bowl and began to flick Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood onto the lizard\u8217\'92s corpse, careful to make sure that not a drop hit the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram reached out to take the yard of linen to dress his wound. Then as he tried to maneuver his hips round so he could leave, he bumped Elrahet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get out of here!\u8221\'94 she snapped. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram laughed as he did.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first signs of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magic were the wispy vapor trails that circulated high in the atmosphere above her cave. They twirled and danced, driven by unnatural purpose, though they were so slight that they could hardly be said to be there at all. By the time Ayram sat down at his hiding spot behind a couple of small boulders on the northern slope of the ravine, the trails had begun to congeal into something thicker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon the wind picked up and began to brush them into form, and it blew a pleasant musk of earthy, humid air down into the ravine. If Ayram had not been looking for it, he might not have noticed how a light fog subtly shifting into existence. Just as he began to wonder if the crew had taken notice, a low rolling drum of distant thunder echoed through the valley, though there was, as yet, no great storm from which it could have come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair play to Elrahet,\u8221\'94 said Papillian excitedly. The boy was stationed behind a boulder closer to the road. Ayram glared down at him with sufficient sternness to shush him. He didn\u8217\'92t blame the lad for the outburst as this was shaping up to be Elrahet\u8217\'92s finest bit of magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was perhaps too good. The merchant caravan was still far out. Perhaps they had not yet made it into the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers. Perhaps they could see the cyclonic flow of haze that now swirled above Elrahet\u8217\'92s cave. Still, Ayram half expected that it all might fizzle out - humans made for poor magicians - but all his doubts were allayed when dense clouds began to creep out from some invisible fissure in the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They crept out slowly, like cautious cattle out of the pen. Once they were out over the ravine they began to feed, to chew and swallow the cud of magic that issued forth from the stomach of the lizard that Elrahet had prepared. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then it began to rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a sprinkling shower at first, just little pricklings on the skin, just a light peppering of the sandy rocks and clay. The drizzle cleansed the air of the desert dust that was ever present in the Sand, the stuff that clogged the nose and scratched the throat. In fact the air was so crisp that this was the first time in forever that Ayram could take in a full, clean breath. It was a tranquil moment, but short lived, for minute by minute the wind swelled and the rain thickened and the storm above ballooned into a supercell the size of several mountains. Lightning flashed and thrashed around in the belly of the beast above, banging the drum of thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More and more the rain began to pour. Without shelter it seemed like torture. The short and woody weeds that had managed to scrape out an existence in the ravine were whipped to and fro as the wind and rain stripped leaf from stem. It came down hard and wet on the men as well. Ayram found little comfort in the fact that he had his back to it all.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least the earth seemed to enjoy it, parched and desiccated as it was. It took its time to drink its fill. It filtered the water through sand and silt and then trickled it down into the deep reservoirs of the world. It savoured every drop, and it drank slowly, which meant that it did not take long for the surface to become soaked. Soon rain began to pitter-patter into puddles, and water ran down the ravine, seeking out the familiar routes that it had been shaping with a gentle hand for a millenia. Where once there were cracks, pits, and sinks in the rock and clay, there were now streams and cascades. Where once there were depressions and scars, there were now pools in which desert life would find succor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram looked over to the young Papillian. Though the rain was rare and precious on this side of the Junei Mountains, the boy was upset that the wetness had gotten through his layers. He might as well have been swimming. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He muttered a curse, and the storm cursed back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CRACK-BOOM!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bright and gnarled flash of lightning split the dark sky above. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It hit somewhere near in the cliffs behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone jumped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elra\u8217\'92s never conjured more than foggy mist!\u8221\'94 Papillian exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Colm, a beastly man to Papillian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side could be heard as well. \u8220\'93Bit much innit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram disagreed.  By this point the valley road was getting good and slick and muddy. Laden wagons would have to be dragged through it. They would be moving slowly, if they would move at all - though that was cause for some concern. They might not even make it into the ravine. Or, they might have turned around and fled the valley as soon as the first showers hit them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Then a faint horse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whinny pierced the splashing of the rain. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned his gaze southward. There he could just make out the shapes of white horses coming round the bend. Their riders were hunched in their saddles, sore backs and sore nerves all around. Their horses moved slowly, leaning into the deluge. Ayram could almost feel the mud draining their already tired legs of vigor. He smiled when he saw one stumble and throw its rider into a growing rivulet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nonetheless they all plodded onward, heads down against the pelting rain, filtering into the ravine three by three. Their wagons were faring as Ayram expected, with drivers working hard to steady the mood of the mule-teams that had grown discontent with the whole situation. If the mules had been men they would have taken up arms long ago in a suicidal bid for freedom. As beasts, all they could do was scream through their suffering and sway against the strain and slip in the viscous mud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram would have been perfectly pleased if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed the olive skin and tufts of blackred hair peeking out from under the soldiers\u8217\'92 turbans. They were each, to a man, Roman[a]. This was indeed a company of Imperial Cavalry. Then he caught sight of the wooden septum piercings that popped out of their noses like bull horns. These were men of the Hallowed Guard- the absolute elite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram's pulse quickened, and he could feel his nerves tighten as he peered out at them from behind his rock. Just a few sheets of rain separated him from this pride of lions - to be this close was suicide. Even though all smells were driven down into the earth, and all edges and colors were blurred, and all sounds below a shout were drowned out by the torrential downpour, Ayram felt like they could sense him. Such is the case when a predator hunts a predator; they have little familiarity, little tolerance for doubt and fear. It does not take much of that drug to overwhelm them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time the middle of column had reached Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s position, he had steadied his nerve. He then leaned out from behind his rock, aimed his bow towards one of their number, notched an arrow, and let it fly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In clean, dry air his gull-feather arrow would trill with excitement when released, but so wetted by the rain it simply jumped from the waxed string of his bow. So quiet and obscured was its flight, and so loud was the wind and rain, that even after it struck its target and sank him low in his saddle, the caravan remained oblivious to the danger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The dead rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse took a few steps, then the body slipped from its perch and fell into the mud. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So began the battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cries of horse and rider flew as a hail of arrows leapt from the slopes of the ravine, planting themselves in throats and ribs. Some bounced off armor or missed their marks all together and fell into the mud. Even Ayram had trouble in these tight quarters, for the wind and rain was so strong that they carried his arrows unpredictably; just a meter was enough to spare or doom a life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hardly a third of the riders were stricken in the first few volleys. For a company of Hallowed Guardsmen, the bodycount was no convincing argument for retreat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  An officer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horn sounded. It bellowed then sank into a deep register that rumbled the streams and puddles that already ran red with blood. Those riders which had not already dismounted did, and they pulled their heater shields from off their horses' packs, then rushed to form up a defensive shape centered in the ravine just below Ayram. Here and there one of them would shudder then fall to his knees as an arrow snuck through the wall of shields, his hands clutching wherever his flesh was pierced. His compatriots would kick him out of the circle and down into the mud, then close ranks behind him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They moved and thought as one, and like a leaf-scaled wyrm caught out in the open Sand by a falcon, they curled and curled again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram eyed them warily, wondering what they could possibly do to prevent his party\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrows from whittling them down one by one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a man amongst them broke rank stepped forward. He seemed misshapen, and was bare and bald, and his sleeves were rolled up to reveal an intricate tattoo that weaved round his wrists and up his arms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then his hands began to glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram notched an arrow and aimed for the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, so that he might stifle the power that he channeled in those arms and that he brewed in those lungs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he could let it fly, the storm intervened. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CRACK-BOOM!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bolt of lighting shot down from the high icy reaches of the thunderhead. It struck the middle of the road with an incredible ferocity, and as it did it seemed to explode, throwing wind, rain, and flesh in all directions. The shockwave threw Ayram back against the rocks of the ravine, and there was a muted thwack as his skull hit the broad face of a sandstone boulder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then things went black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 _______}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Getting your skull caved in is the worst way to lose track of time. Next worst is a night of fitful sleep, but of course that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t compare. Sleep can be said to be a lived experience inasmuch as one\u8217\'92s dreams are remembered.  Even without them, the passage of time is always somehow estimated so that as soon as you step out of bed there is that sublime sensation of being reinserted into the natural flow of things - not so with a knockout blow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More to the point, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         When Ayram came to, there was a dull, throbbing ache that radiated out from the top of his head where the rock had cracked open his skull. He brought his hand up to the wound and dabbed it gingerly with his fingers. They trembled upon a smattering of dried blood which had matted his hair. He then continued to follow the pain to its source, near the crown of his skull. There he found that he could push down on a flap of skin and a cracked bit of bone. As he traced the outline of the cavity, a sharp pain shot out and ran around to the back of his head, constricting his skull like a python. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         He must have been out for hours. Maybe days. He had no way of knowing }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oddly, it was still raining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re awake!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It was old Pella. She rushed to his side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were set up!\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked, confused even as to how he was alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a setup! There was no gold!\u8221\'94 Her raspy voice was quivering with excitement and rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram tried to blink the blur out of his vision. He was in a cave somewhere high in the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long was I out?\u8221\'94, he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For the better part of a day\u8230\'85 There was no gold, Ayram.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram winced, half in pain, half in exasperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That storm that Elrahet magic\u8217\'92d up conjured a bolt\u8230\'85 bigger than any I\u8217\'92ve ever seen... it took out the entire caravan. It took out Papillian and Colm, too, and nearly you. But that magus survived!\u8221\'94 Pella pointed to the naked figure who lay crumpled and unconscious near the cave\u8217\'92s mouth. His pale body was covered in black glyphs and arcane symbols. Blood pooled around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He has not yet awoken. I haven\u8217\'92t told the boys yet, but he\u8217\'92s no mere magus. We cut}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 off his hands\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I think he\u8217\'92s one of the Emperor\u8217\'92s Salisians,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93Only four Salisians in the world, and one of them is here... He was here to kill us! Ayram, we were set up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram struggled to take it all in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who was your man in Jeket?!\u8221\'94 Pella asked, stressing the urgency of the moment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who baited us into this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram closed his eyes and gritted his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A man named Salavan Saran.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [a]stand in for the name of ethnicity of empire}}