{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the rise Hrks, the Watered Portion was ruled by an Old Jandri king named Duror. To prove his dominion, Duror placed interlocking blocks of granite two-by-two-by-ten at every bend of the Jek river. Out of these gray columns he carved his long-bearded, long-robed image. The first statue was built at the Jek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s source, high up in the Goree mountains overlooking the Shoglok falls. It is sanded so smooth by the erosion of ages that no discernible feature of Duror remains. He is little more than a gray wither of stone in the general shape of a man, earless and eyeless, brooding as the sun and moon and stars spin endlessly overhead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Jek river descends down into the foothills where it is guarded by a spate of statued Durors that have been sanded into smooth, pointed pillars\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more like cattle scratch posts than a filigreed statue of a king. Their heads are reduced to conical nubs, their swords worn down to the hilt. The river then pours out of the foothills and down into the brink of Hrkan civilization. These Durors were somewhat shielded from the erosive wind, but they were not able to hide from the chisels of recriminate outland men. Further down the river and into the long and winding plain, Duror\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s component blocks begin to disappear altogether, for the stones are stolen to reinforce pastoral walls. Further down the river, on the outskirts of Jeket, all that is left of Duror\u8217\'92s monuments are the enormous plinths upon which they once stood, for they are too large for herdsmen to bother with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri statues are disintegrating the nearer they come to Jeket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there is a symbolism here, obvious, unsubtle, and pointed, and so of course people disagree about what it means. A Hrkan Lord would say that it is a sign of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cleansing influence on the old world, while an outland poke thinks its a sign of Hrk\u8217\'92s corrupting influence. Outland folk yearn for that storied age when all peoples were rootless, when herds of oxen were free to be chased across the entire continent, when women wove blankets so long they could be wrapped around a village, when men were honest and would cut off their own fingers just to prove that they were sorry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both sides claim the statues of Duror as symbols of their own magnificence. Sometimes they get to killing over them. Mandrameen thought this was all a bunch of nonsense, and everyone involved was an idiot. The pivotal detail that no one cared to notice was that most of these statues were sitting alone out in an empty desert because the course of the river Jek has changed dramatically. The statues have nothing to do with Hrk and whether it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good or bad. Their message is that nothing lasts forever, and while Mandri was sure about everything, he was most sure about that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rivers change their course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rivers dry up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Continents dry up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen Himself was buried. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everything living dies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beauty fades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Paintings brown up and curl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Statues turn to dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everything living dies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth mentioning twice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ideas are easy to kill\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 some might try and argue that one, but Mandri could easily slip into saying that ideas are easy to corrupt, and no one could argue that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Innocence is famously easy to kill. In fact, it seems that the main function of innocence is to be killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Manhood is easy to kill because it hardly exists in the first place. Same with womanhood, adulthood, and any-hood. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all hoods foisted upon a child who never quite grows up. And children? Schisol knows children are easy to kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock was another object to add to this collection of things consigned to oblivion. Its central sunlit well was drilled straight through the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s core and down a ways into the earth, and when Mandri looked up and saw a canted column of light shining down into blackness of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s hollowed out interior, he was smitten with that daunting awe which only comes from contact with a soon-to-be-extinguished culture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But it was impressive. He felt, without exaggeration, that he was standing inside a broken bead cast off from the necklace of some primordial mountain god. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed the rope which hung down into the dark, and out of sight an Ayramun began to pull him up. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet left the floor, bounced off the stone, and soon after they kicked out into a void. Then someone lit a torch and the space around him lit up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first level of Minting Rock was a bulbous, cylindrical cocoon eight men tall. The sunlight above didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite reach this room, so the scant light splayed throughout came from two flower-flame oil lamps affixed to either shoulder of a dark and narrow passage to Mandri\u8217\'92s left. With so little light, much of the room\u8217\'92s detail was lost to blackness, but what Mandri could see of it took his breath away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The flat disc of a floor was embossed with a rotationally symmetric diamond pattern, and at the floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edges this pattern ran smoothly up onto the wall, flowing upwards and splitting into several ribbons of sculptural stone, a weave that criss-crossed in and out of itself, a stunning fantasy that coupled geometric intricacy with organic fluidity and pulse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all in stone. And it had dimension. The outer ribbon layers cast hard, shifting shadows on the ribbons underneath. It seemed as if the room were a cage keeping out a kaleidoscopic vision stolen from a burgeon binge and then brought to life. The topmost layer, the bars of this cage, graduated from a swirl of ribbon into into a prickling fence of barbed thorns, and like a climbing vine they spiraled all the way up the wall and converged towards the center of the ceiling, merging into the lashes of an oval eye whose iris was the open shaft which led ever upwards and into the light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The room smelled like a urinal. An unseen hand grabbed a fistful of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe in between the shoulder blades and yanked him off the rope. He was then plopped ass-first onto the richly patterned floor and the pain in his thigh reasserted itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pulled him out was Seb, and the smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in whispered wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This be Minting Rock,\u8221\'94 Seb said as his near-toothless mouth squelched a borcandi spine. He was obviously an old hand at borcandi biting because he carried himself with that borcandi bent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like his muscles were stuck in tension and had been that way for years, shoulders hunched and tight, head knocked forward, limbs all slightly bowed as if he\u8217\'92d half-coiled up in fright and rusted that way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about the name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this place? Who made it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nudged Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip with the toe of his shoe, and then he shooed Mandri up against the wall with a few flaps of his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep out of the way,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scooted backwards against the wall and shoved his injured leg flush against it, so that nothing of him stuck out into the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The neck of Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe was yawning at Mandri\u8217\'92s nose, and the man\u8217\'92s odor was pouring out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he smelled like butter gone bad. He said, \u8220\'93I can tell you a burgeon biter, ain\u8217\'92t ya?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear Seb\u8217\'92s question, because the man\u8217\'92s odor was nauseating. Mandri scrunched up his nose and simply said, \u8220\'93You smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood back up, then wilted. Even a hard-up outland man couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t abide being found out like that. A man\u8217\'92s face could be ugly as mud, that was the world\u8217\'92s fault\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but his smell, his smell was coming from the inside and it said something about him without his meaning to. A bad smell is the one thing that could make the most loutish street-junk keeper feel shame. A bad smell is a secret every man\u8217\'92s got to keep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d I tell you about flappin\u8217\'92 them lips?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tired eyes managed to impress upon Mandri a great disappointment. Seb was a nobody amongst nobodies, as irrelevant as one of Jeket\u8217\'92s crawlers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 men who beg from beggars. Mandri had a sense for these people even if they hadn\u8217\'92t yet fallen that far. There\u8217\'92s a dopiness about them, the face kind of sags, and when they talk. And they smell. To a man and woman, they smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, a shrill whistle rang out from the oculus above. A heartbeat later, and Minting Rock was alive with the slapping patter of leatherbound feet. Muffled shouts reared out of unseen corridors. It was as Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door had just been knocked and all the house mutts were flung into a muster. Hill came climbing up the well-shaft rope, his stout frame slinking up and up like a fat caterpillar, and without so much as a nod he disappeared into the chamber above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There came, springing out of the passage to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left, a clink of metal on stone. This thumping clink repeated again and again, in time with a walking stride, growing louder as it neared Mandri\u8217\'92s chamber. Mandri found himself trembling, and he was scooting away when Ayram stormed into the room, beard-jutting and wild-eyed. In his hand was his long iron spear, which barely cleared the passage ceiling. Its chisel end bit into the polished floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto followed him, and waddling in behind Moto was the short, old, black-ragged woman named Elrahet. She lingered there in the passage mouth, under the flickering lamps, and her dark hood cast a long, hard shadow which hid her eyes from view. Mandri watched her as she watched Ayram. There was a familiarity to her profile that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She turned her whole hooded head towards Mandri, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went fleeing at the speed of embarassment. It was a mere glancing exchange, and Mandri hadn\u8217\'92t seen her eyes under the dark of her hood, yet he could feel her gaze stir up his stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meanwhile, Ayram and Moto were standing in the opposite end of the room. Between them was a shadowy lump. Moto kicked it, and a dull crack sounded out. Moto steadied himself against the wall and was about to deliver another rough kick when Elrahet told him to stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid is awake,\u8221\'94 she said as if pressed for time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stepped back to let the light in, and there was Obo with his eyes open, blinking at the world around him like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just woken up into a dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram had no sympathy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how you did it,\u8221\'94 he growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked up at Ayram and regarded the giant with contempt. He said, voice hoarse, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you blaming me for now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram did not reply. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to. A man his size could simply stand still and glare, and that was intimidating enough to scare a tree into shaking off its fruit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo pushed himself up into a sitting position, and his head drooped as if his neck were so weak it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear the burden. Mandri thought Obo was playing too hard for sympathy here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it can be difficult, sometimes, to draw a clear line between cause and effect, but blaming me for anything seems unsound.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram lifted his great spear and then let it slip down his fist and its wide chisel tip hit the stone floor right next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the one that captured me and brought me here,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If I\u8217\'92ve caused you any trouble, then you\u8217\'92ve brought it upon yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram remained silent. Mandri suspected the man was in the middle of realizing that Obo was incapable of feeling fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may take a moment to ask\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is it you planned to do with me? I\u8217\'92m a curious creature, I have to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With a twist of his wrist, Ayram set the iron spike to rest against Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collar bone. The weight of it almost tipped Obo over. Obo shrugged it off, and Ayram set it right back on the bone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you honestly believe that a Hrkan Lord would make a weapon as powerful as me without devising a way to track me down should I get loose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They can track you down to anywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you truly never heard of the Mazidariga?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never heard of the Mazidariga. Judging by the dumbfounded expression in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, and the shrug in Ayram\u8217\'92s shoulders, neither men had heard of it either. Since none of them were willing to admit to not knowing something, an uneasy silence went unbroken until Elrahet grumbled aloud, \u8220\'93Riga means shadow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto bent down and began to examine Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow for a sign of some obscure magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not my literal shadow,\u8221\'94 Obo said with insulting disdain. \u8220\'93A Mazid\u8217\'92s shadow is a creature. They are grown alongside the Mazidai\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their purpose is to hunt us down, but other than that, I know nothing of them. Evidently you don\u8217\'92t either. But you cannot hope to hide from the Hrks so long as you hold onto me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get the boys blooded up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to fight them?\u8221\'94 Obo asked in disbelief. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very brave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neither man paid him any heed. Moto jumped onto the well-shaft rope and climbed out of sight, whilst Ayram turned to Seb, and Seb, anticipating a word from his leader, stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take the boy and the Mazid up into an aspect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bowed in deference as Ayram and Elrahet swept out of the chamber and back into the passage from whence they came. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron staff clinked against the stone as he went, though soon the sound was lost amongst the yip and din of a band of the hardest pokes preparing for battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrist and yanked him to his feet, and Mandri groaned as his leg screamed in pain. Seb then hurried over to Obo and made a fuss about wrapping up Obo\u8217\'92s wounds so that Mazid\u8217\'92s blood wouldn\u8217\'92t taint his person. Once Obo was swaddled up tight like a baby, arms tucked inside, Seb picked him up and carried him under-arm like a freshly-wrapped package of beef. He ran into the dark passage. Then he popped back out and motioned for Mandri to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri found it hard to follow Seb through the narrow, winding ways of Minting Rock. He limped along fiercely, steadying himself against the sculptured stone, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up!\u8221\'94 Seb cried as he doubled back and took a hold of Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist. He pulled Mandri towards a sputtering lamp whose light flooded up a chubby set of curling stairs. Ascending these put an odd twist in Mandri\u8217\'92s mental map of the place, and it became difficult to maintain a sense of where he was within the rock. There was almost no light, and he was shoved through so many warped passages that all he knew for certain was that he was moving away from the center. Every new chamber and corridor became more cluttered and cramped, and the stonework less polished and more rough\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the walls were still sculpted into an otherworldly weave but Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers could feel an inattention to thickness of edge. It was clumsy work, clumsy in comparison to what he\u8217\'92d seen in that central shaft. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri got to thinking, after bumping his head on an absurdly low door frame, that whoever had carved this rock had perhaps carved out too much of it. Unless Old Jandri tribesmen were as learned as Hrkan architects in the art of stressing stone, the whole thing was bound to fall apart. And the further out Mandri went, the more slapdash the passages and rooms became. By the time he saw a slit of blue sky though an embrasure, his toes and fingers were stumbling upon stress cracks in the floors and walls. Once, in this dusty dark, he bumped his shoulder against an unworked wooden beam that arched over his head. He swore he saw the floor above buckle and sag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was eventually pushed into a long and narrow room, long enough for him to lay down in, but barely enough room to turn around. This closet had access to outside air through a stippled pattern of finger-sized holes bored into the far wall. The sun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shine directly through them, so these pinpricks of day sat on the black rock wall illuminating nothing, like a constellation of stars. They composed an Old Jandri pattern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple, eight-flamed sun, the traditional symbol of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb elbowed Mandri further into this shoulder-squeezing closet, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the room\u8217\'92s defining quality hit him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the air inside was thick with a foul smell, sweet and horrible, cloying, as if a mound of peaches had been left to putrefy in some dark corner. Mandri gagged, clutched at his nose, and when the spicy bitterness stung the back of his tongue like rancid burgeon bile he spat and choked. It was ten times worse than what he\u8217\'92d whiffed of Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought, at first, that this was some kind of prayer room and that the smell was incense put here to trigger his spiritual impulse. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entertain the thought that this scent was meant to mask a fouler smell until he reached out into the dark to steady himself, and instead of slapping against stone, his fingers sank into something that felt curiously like skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped and recoiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He leaned back into the opposite wall where his other hand brushed up against a dried and bony limb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped again, and prayed fast that Solraheen would adjust his eyes to the darkness. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have pulled his own Spark out to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slapped the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your hands to yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed Mandri towards the stipple-pricked sigil of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned to protest his new accommodation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down and be quiet,\u8221\'94 Seb commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri could frame his dissent, a dark shape flew towards him and crashed into his stomach. He wheezed, went sprawling against the wall and sank down to the floor. He fumbled around in the dark and squealed in disgust when his thumb poked through a stiff and gristly cloth and dove into something with the consistency of fire-crusted jelly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until Obo\u8217\'92s airy laugh came giggling out from under Mandri\u8217\'92s armpit that Mandri realized what had just happened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Seb had thrown Obo at him, and he\u8217\'92d just plumbed his thumb into Obo\u8217\'92s stumped thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get off me!\u8221\'94 Mandri shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hardly can,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrapped up tight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri gruffly picked Obo up. The Mazid was about as light as a two-year-old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put me down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop wiggling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not, you\u8217\'92re shaking me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nowhere to put you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quit your flappin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted. \u8220\'93And stop touchin\u8217\'92 shit. This is a sacred place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandi didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to get slapped so he shut up and stuffed Obo in between his good right leg and the wall. He had to bunch himself up closer to the other side and that was a dicey proposition, because something dead was resting there and he didn\u8217\'92t want his wound rubbing up against it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri prayed for a light, and by Sol, there it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a diffuse glow of lamp light came creeping up the blackrock corridor wall behind Seb. Seb spun around and there was the girl Purl, standing in the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, looking like she\u8217\'92d just picked herself up from rolling down a dune. Her robes were as dirty as a sandrat, and her hair was as wild as  a weedbush puffing out of her wide black bandanna that she\u8217\'92d affixed to her forehead. The red kell oil smeared on her face picked up the warm light and made it seem as if her cheeks were rubbed raw down to the bleeding muscle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri recalled the sight of her screaming at Obo to kneel back in that pit cave a day or two before. She seemed much healthier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She peered around Seb at Mandri, as if looking for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move,\u8221\'94 she said to Seb. Seb begrudgingly stepped out of the room to give her the space to enter. As she did, the oil-dish lamp she held before her splayed its light out onto the room\u8217\'92s interior, bringing this haunting \u8216\'91closet\u8217\'92 to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut into the black rock walls were coffin-sized slits, three on either side, stacked one above the other. Inside each of these, resting in peaceful repose, was a corpse, each in a different stage of decomposition, and each naked as it came from the womb, and all of them, as far as Mandri could tell, were giant men. Ayram-sized men. Their beards were black and grey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The corpse that the light lit clearest was as black and shriveled as a grape weeks fallen from the vine. It was impossible to say for certain how long that body had been laying there, for an unbothered corpse in the Sand could last an age, but cloistered away in Minting Rock, sheltered from the wind and abrasion, Mandri figured that a corpse could last for as long as Solraheen willed it. That body could be as ancient as the world itself. It was disgusting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A desiccated hand with purpled fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shadows licked at a dry, pruned up shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All of it frosted by a layer of dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No hint of bloat, no tar-like iridescence of fresh rot that might explain the smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Mandri looked down and saw the spreading rot in his own leg and he wondered if the smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl set her lamp down in a shallow recess in the wall which had been carved for the purpose. With her other arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her handless arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was clutching a smallgrass basket close to her chest, and this she set on the floor at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. She squatted down and began to unload it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first out was a puffy square of gray wool folded into itself. Next was a bundle of damp leaves knotted at the stems. Then came a stone mortar which tinked against the floor. Last came three small alabastron jars that were packed to the brim with waxy substances, one red, one green, and one blue. Purl hesitated with these, treated them more gently than the rest, and once all were arrayed out before her, she handed the basket back to Seb, who tucked it mindlessly into one of the corpsedens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see the bite,\u8221\'94 she said to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri drew up his robe and leaned onto his right ass cheek. He rolled his wounded thigh into the light. The poultice was looking especially wrinkled and sloppy, hanging half off. Purl eyed the dark veins in his leg with a keen interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you look at that,\u8221\'94 she muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was now standing right behind her, hovering over her shoulder, chewing on a fresh borcandi spine. He was munching it right by her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re blocking the light,\u8221\'94 Purl snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb moved back, then cleared his phlegmy throat and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t do anything yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This needs to be cured. Now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanna question him first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two can talk while I\u8217\'92m working.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl pulled a thumb-sized pestle from her ruddy robes and she dolloped a two-finger-dip of each of the colorful waxes into her mortar. Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one good hand wasn\u8217\'92t used to doing two things at the same time, so each time she clawed wax from a jar, the jar slid and teetered on its base, and each time she had to catch it, her handless left arm hanging in the air like a useless friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said stop,\u8221\'94 Seb pecked. \u8220\'93Only fix him up if he talks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to do this now or not at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl peeled back the old poultice from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg to reveal the black wound underneath. It was an awful sight, smothered over with that mucky paste, but Mandri was more concerned with Purl\u8217\'92s choice of words. Now or never? His mind immediately leapt to an awful conclusion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 having been bit by a demon, that must mean he was turning into a demon. He eyed the wound and half-imagined the festering skin was turning into a scaly lizard hide. He was suddenly in want of a mirror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he goes permanent, he goes permanent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for the insight,\u8221\'94 Purl said dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going permanent?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. Purl\u8217\'92s dark eyes flicked up and met him. \u8220\'93The worst that can happen is you lose your leg,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lose my leg!? That could kill me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, it might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then how was that the worst that could happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb crowded back into the light, and he started to speak before dealing with the wash of juice in his mouth, so his tongue was swimming under the consonants, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She say \u8216\'91on\u8217\'92t wuhwy abou\u8217\'92 it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl pushed Seb back with a miffed look and then set herself back to mixing the medicine in the mouth of her mortar. She poured a finger full of water from her personal waterskin into it, and she swirled it around with the wax, then she plucked three leaves and dropped them onto the swimming globs of color. Once this was done to satisfaction, she began to knead it all into a paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched with eager intent, and so did Obo. Obo leaned over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs, trying to peer into the mixture, but since he was hardly more than a ribcage swiveling on hips, \u8216\'91leaning\u8217\'92 was a chancy thing. Mandri had to catch him to keep him from tipping over, and this commotion interrupted Purl\u8217\'92s pestle\u8217\'92s rhythmic thump. She paused and gave Obo the same miffed look she\u8217\'92d given Seb a moment before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought that wax was insoluble in water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must not be wax,\u8221\'94 said Purl, and she resumed smashing the bits of leaves down into the sopping goop. By now the colors were beginning to mix, turning a greenish shade of brown that looked nearly black in the lamplight. Obo was polite enough to wait until she was finished to ask, \u8220\'93Would you mind if I tasted it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The disgust in Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was absolute, with thin lines wearing deep furrows in her forehead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 evidently this was a look she wore often. Most outland women end up with rumpled foreheads, and it\u8217\'92s not just from squinting at the sun. From first blood they\u8217\'92re fighting wars of aggravation against outland men. The difference here was that the nuisance at hand was a Mazid, not a man, and he wasn\u8217\'92t rebuffed in the usual way. His eyes were bright, expecting entertainment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb crowded once more into the light. In his hand was a knife with a blade as long as the string of spit which dangled down from his lip. He handled the knife playfully, limp-wristed, and he swung in and out of his own cast shadow. Twice, the handle threatened to slip out of his seemingly careless fingers and Mandri flinched. If Obo was concerned about the blade slicing into his stomach, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb swallowed back the flood in his mouth and said to Obo, with a little more diction, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like listenin\u8217\'92 to you talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pointed the knife straight at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s unfortunate,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93Because I like to talk.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This drew a gurgling hiss from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You killed good people in those hills,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry to hear that. In my defense, I didn\u8217\'92t have time to separate the good from the bad, as they were all shooting arrows at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, like they was the ones that started it,\u8221\'94 Seb scoffed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, where is this coming from? You of all people should know I don\u8217\'92t kill when I don\u8217\'92t need to, because I could have killed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , but I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. I had every chance, but you were no threat to me, hiding under that bush.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 hiding}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Seb seethed. He was bending over now, with his blade near enough to Obo\u8217\'92s cheek to kiss it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no need to justify a cowardly act,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I would have done much the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed thunder and his jaw went stiff. He pulled back, pulled the knife away, and somehow the distance was even more threatening, for he seemed all the more likely to snap and pounce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean to offend you,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93In a sense, it\u8217\'92s a compliment, because to call a man cowardly is to confirm that he is not a coward\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a coward, but not a coward. I know you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not a coward Seb. But you are the most cowardly man I\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insult nearly knocked the borcandi spine from Seb\u8217\'92s cheek. That would have been the second time the crunched-up spine had dropped. The man simply didn\u8217\'92t have enough teeth to keep it nestled, and to make it all even more difficult, Seb kept half the spine hanging out to keep it dry so that it\u8217\'92d last longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you\u8217\'92re blocking the light again,\u8221\'94 said Purl as she sat back in the folds of her robe. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you have something better to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sipped a breath and twirled his blade about in little circles as he tried to think of an excuse to say. Mandri could tell that he was not a man who could leave a conversation without feeling like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d won it, and when a man\u8217\'92s not got the gift of wit, a knife will often do. Thankfully, a shout for Seb came echoing out from the corridor behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Count your blessings,\u8221\'94 said Seb, and though the words were meant for Obo, it was Purl who whispered thanks to the heavens when Seb left to heed the call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Free from distraction, Purl set again to her work. She unfolded the woolen square to make a pocket which she then packed full with the dark goo from her mortar. She scraped the bottom of the mortar to make sure she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left no leavings. Obo interrupted her concentration by saying, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to introduce myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl rolled her eyes and did not respond. Mandri saw that Obo was about to make a mistake by pressing the girl, and he felt compelled to intervene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, stop.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow knit tight and she said, \u8220\'93You call it Obo?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s his name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You share names with a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl cradled the poultice wrap with her good hand, then plopped it paste-down right on the Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wound. A shock of pain ran through Mandri\u8217\'92s hip and he almost bit down his tongue. A cold goo shocked his leg and almost stunned the rest of him into it . He was surprised to find that the pain had dulled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 he said, surprised. \u8220\'93Thanks for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would you and a Mazid have to talk about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been scheming an escape,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, and he snuck a side-long smirk towards Obo. \u8220\'93The reason why he wants to introduce himself is because he wants to figure out how he can use you to, you know, scheme his escape. The more he knows about you, the better he can manipulate you. That\u8217\'92s what he\u8217\'92s been doing with me. He\u8217\'92s a schemer. Look at him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both he and Purl looked at Obo, who was trying a little too hard to look innocent. And just like any old human not worn into the ways of deceit he cracked and had to resort to simple denial. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  true.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He also told me he never lies, so you know that means he lies all the time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not true either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Obo, you\u8217\'92re not fooling anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl stood up in a huff and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about whatever is going on here.\u8221\'94 Her eyes flicked to the ends of the unwrapped poultice. \u8220\'93Tie it up yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, she left the room, leaving Mandri alone with Obo, who was. It was the first real emotion he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expressed, aside from mild amusement. But without hairy brows, Obo\u8217\'92s face was not well suited for anger. The Mazid\u8217\'92s pale face looked like an underpainting for a real one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that!?\u8221\'94 Obo exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was trying to earn her trust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would earn her trust by betraying mine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would prove yourself trustworthy by being untrustworthy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri set about wrapping the ends of the poultice around his leg. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we want her to tell us what is going on, then we\u8217\'92ve got to get her to lower her guard, and the best way to do that is to be honest. Honesty is disarming. You should try it sometime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honesty requires discretion, Mandri, otherwise it causes more problems than it solves. That\u8217\'92s doubly true with superstitious outland folk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do, do you? She left the room!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might as well have pushed her out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Obo, she left because of you. She hates you. Obo, they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 all }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 hate you. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not ever going to talk to you, and because of that, we\u8217\'92ve got to get them to talk to me, and to do that, they have to trust me. If that means they trust you less, so be it. What\u8217\'92s the harm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The cold sense of it softened Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood a little. He said, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t blame you for not knowing this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s my fault for not telling you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but this girl reacts extremely negatively to anything that doesn\u8217\'92t reek of kindness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything that\u8217\'92s harsh, or argumentative, or loud, it puts her off. Any hostility at all is going to make her get up and leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could you possibly know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That girl is my Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Open up my robe at the chest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrapped up tight so I can\u8217\'92t do it, so you do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri carefully pulled Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe open to reveal that scar running down the Mazid\u8217\'92s sternum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see the scar?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I saw it earlier,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he tucked the robe closed again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Purl who cut me open. Then she chopped off her own hand and buried it in my chest. As we speak, her fingers are gripping my heart. She has bound me to her will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her hand is inside your chest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo nodded, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only had one other Minder\u8217\'92s will coursing through my veins, and he was as foul a man as ever lived, so believe me when I tell you that I know what a will without kindness feels like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Purl is different. I can feel her cringe at the mere thought of two people angling at each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had a hard time processing Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words because he couldn\u8217\'92t get past the image of a human hand squeezing the Mazid\u8217\'92s heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85that\u8217\'92s interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know I bear some of the blame for scaring her off because of how I dealt with Seb, but I expected Seb to respond more positively to hostility.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s not going to come from me, so we might as well write Purl off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, if I can fake it, you can fake it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, kindness doesn\u8217\'92t mean what you think it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spare me from your wisdom, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, think about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 On average, and this is true, on average, people are more likely to hate each other than love each other, aren\u8217\'92t they? So shouldn\u8217\'92t kindness mean hostility? Because if kindness is how one kind treats its own kind, then a kind person is a selfish, hostile person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I think Seb was on to something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92ve spent too much time biting burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92m wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re distracted. We\u8217\'92re far afield from the problem at hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about, we\u8217\'92re right on point. If we want to get in with these Ayramun, we\u8217\'92ve got to agree on how to go about doing it. If you tell me to be kind to someone, I\u8217\'92m going to be kind, but I have a different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more correct\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 understanding of the word.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, there is a column of Hrkan Skulsi marching towards this rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. \u8220\'93That must be why\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo nodded and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll be here within a finger. When they get here, they\u8217\'92re going to slaughter us all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gray eyes settled into an easy gleam as if he were almost happy about it. He then turned his sight towards the stippled sign of Solraheen and he listened intently to something Mandri could not hear. \u8220\'93Actually, they\u8217\'92re here already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His words heralded the deep and yawning howl of the Hrkan horn of war. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEEoooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound shook the wall against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back while the rest of Minting Rock was sent stirring with the hollers of the Ayramun barking their excitement. Mandri worked through his bewilderment to stand up, pushing himself up against the narrow walls, doing so carefully to not bother his leg, all so that he could turn and look through one of the small holes in the eightfold sun. He couldn\u8217\'92t see much, but out there, sure enough, set against a field of fiery sand was a white-robed column of men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well I think this proves my point,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93People don\u8217\'92t march around like that to help out widows and orphans, do they? That, there, is the kindness of men in full regalia. I wonder whose kindness is stronger, those Hrks or these Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I can almost guarantee that you will be dead in less than half a hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Ayramun can win, can\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seventeen Ayramun against eighty Skulsi is long odds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s got to count for at least twenty. And this rock is practically a fortress. It\u8217\'92s got murder holes. What are the Hrks going to do, lay siege? Out here in the desert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, but I\u8217\'92m sure they have a plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve also got you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No we don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on, Obo. You know, I\u8217\'92ve never actually seen a Mazid spit Mazidfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you likely never will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re going to sit there and let them come and kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought we were friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, if you open your mouth and blast those Hrks to Shis, I will wash your feet with oil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any feet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll wash your nubs with the richest blueseed oil that I can find. I\u8217\'92ll make it myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo sighed and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let us simply enjoy our time together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri grunted his displeasure. And he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to sit down and revel in a final moment while a battle unfolded. He\u8217\'92d never seen a battle before.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d once seen an alley fight with ten men, six against four, a dispute over some patch of land out in the country.  The six outnumbered the four, but if you only took raw bulk into consideration, the four had the upper hand. Elbows cracked skulls and there was a lot of blood, but it wasn\u8217\'92t a proper battle. It was more of a skirmish. Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t sure where the line between a skirmish and battle was, and he hoped that these proceedings could shed some light on the matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He was about to ask Obo his opinion, when a shrill and steady whistle sounded out from the Hrkan column and pierced his thoughts, pushing out all other concerns. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was not a sound out of Shis, a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warble, only it was ten times louder and harsher than the shriek of a hawk. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room. For Mandri, it was an ear-splitting pain, but to Obo it was doing something stranger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid had fallen over onto his side and was squirming. His eyes were rolling around in their sockets, twitching and turning as if a worm were chewing on his ocular nerve. The whistling jumped to a higher pitch and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole body began to convulse in violent fits. Mandri reached out to keep Obo\u8217\'92s head from thumping against the stone, but before he could do anything to help, Obo\u8217\'92s stomach wretched, his chest heaved, and a dim gray formless ember shot out from his mouth, leaving his body limp and lifeless. The strange light hovered just above Obo\u8217\'92s lips for the briefest spell, and then the whistling shifted its register again, higher still into a pitch reserved for animal spirits, and the gray ember shot right towards Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}}