{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , he came at last upon a rocky mountain with a large cave at the foot of it and a large stone over the entrance. After removing the stone and going in, eager to explore the unknown with a human curiosity, he found a spacious chamber, with an opening to the sky above covered over by spreading branches of an ancient palm tree. There was a sparkling spring there, from which a stream overflowed through a little opening, and soaked away into the earth. There were also a few little buildings near the foot of the mountain containing the knives and anvils and mallets used to strike coins; Egyptian writings tell us that this used to be the site of a secret minting factory at the time when Antony and Cleopatra were together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They ordered another young man in the flower of his youth to be taken into a most pleasant little garden, with white lilies and red roses, and a gentle murmuring stream winding through it, and the wind making a sweet whisper though the leaves of the trees, where they made him lie down on a feather bed, and left him there, tied down with soft silken bonds to prevent him escaping. After they had all gone a beautiful prostitute came in, and began stroking his body in the most delicate of embraces, and, shameful to relate, fondling his manhood in her hands, in the hope of so inciting him to lust that she might win a shameless victory over him. I don't know how this soldier of Christ did it, or how he summoned up his resolve. But will pleasure be the victor where torments fail? For at length, inspired by heaven, he bit off his tongue and spat it in her face as she tried to kiss him. And so the immense pain which followed was stronger than the feeling of lust. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle catches up - aryamun are staying back while peeps check it out cause there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s signs of inhabitattion??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle, come look at this!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wanna see a dead body?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reveal priest tied up and dehydrated. Oh he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ORRRR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram gives little speech about betrayal or some shit. What will happen to you. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We all know what punishment for betrayal is. Brought you here to remind you want a heritic/betrayl of the faith gets you. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 YOu all know that I love you, but FEAR OF GOD.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then does the stabbing example. Puts knife in Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. If you should stab him, you must first stab me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They break down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meeting gets interrupted again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram rushes out to see - Imperials - they haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t split up. They\u8217\'92ve got to know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reason why we split up is because we wanted to see if you were leading them to us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rumors of a mind link are true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do we prevent it? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would Blindfold prevent it? Is it like a homing beacon? How does it work?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is a being link. We can, with effort, cohabitate. They see what I see, feel what I feel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you talk to eachother?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then how should we proceed? Kill you is the only way?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some way of knocking me unconscious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - we have Sel root. Would put him to sleep. If he were human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would sel root work?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am unsure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why tell all this? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re barbarians. If I don\u8217\'92t you might do something rash.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humbling air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pyetle asks about who Ayram is. What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s his deal? I had an experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to throw the Empire out of the continent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I mean what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s his real deal? IN the underworld there was, for a moment I thought he was  demon. I saw things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - A powerful being, but no, but not a demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Asked Mazydei for his story. ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Interrupted by scout - Imperials are on the track - still really far away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - How the hell! (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mazyd) - we\u8217\'92ve been careful, we\u8217\'92re off the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Double pace to Minting Rock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, there it is\u8221\'94 - outcrop of rock. Band\u8217\'92s secret minting facility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Signs that someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Hill checks it out. Laughing. Says come on in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -They stumble on a dried out corpse of a man. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an old friar. Must have gotten lost on the Charnel Road or something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Relsa, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s alive!\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93What did he say?\u8221\'94 Begone temptress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - they revive him. See he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a priest of the dreamer. Pella explains. I was once a priestess. Didn\u8217\'92t know this dude though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Hill shows pyetle gold store. Good amount of gold. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not much of it left\u8221\'94. They put it on the horses and take it away, Pyetle knows not where.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pick up water from spring nearby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pella scope sees troops. Mazyd confirms that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re imperial - they\u8217\'92ve just gotten down into the plain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -COming right for the rock - interrogate Mazyd - tie up, blindfold, wind, etc. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - need to change course - lose them in the Sandslants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re far enough out into the sand that I can see the horizon in every direction. I can see the riders with the nekkid eye. Theyre close enough that if you wander in any direction, they\u8217\'92ll find you. If you want to survive, you\u8217\'92ve got to disappear. We are far past the point of treating - you\u8217\'92ve done damage to a myth - so you can\u8217\'92t be  allowed to live to talk about it. So, to do that,  you have to part with me. So you can kill me, or leave me behind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}