{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The poet Mandrameen believed that the empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religions were all distortions of the Truth, but even so, they were our only way to access it. As such, he taught that any honest seeker of theTruth must be a practitioner of all religions. For this he built an analogy out of the famous Library of Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If an artist were locked inside and wanted to paint a perfectly accurate picture of the marble Pillar of Saulistides which stands out in the garden, the artist must look through the building\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s windows to see it - windows whose glass was fogged and warped with age. In the one window pane, the pillar would appear stretched. In another it would seem waved. In yet another it was so curved that the friezes of Saulistedes\u8217\'92 armies which wrapped around the marble seemed to climb up into the sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since each window pane distorted the Pillar in its own peculiar way, it would be a mistake for the artist to paint their picture using only the information gleaned from a single view. The artist should instead move from window to window, from distortion to distortion, averaging out the truth of the Pillar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shape from the lies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was how Mandrameen practiced religion - by moving from one religion to another, averaging out the true shape of Reality from ancient myths so distorted with age. He would consider them together, and start with their similarities instead of their differences. From this exercise he found what he believed was the core of every religion: a story to explain the existence and nature of suffering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Cult of the Dreamer, for example, believed that all suffering is caused by nightmares that emerge from the minds of those who still sleep in the Waking Dream. Only those who recognize the Dream for what it is - a fabrication or an illusion - can achieve Lucidity and escape these nightmares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Soleans believed that we were created by their gods to be slaves. Suffering comes into play because Sol and his mistress Luna intentionally created us with certain particular deficiencies which keep us angry at each other instead of angry at gods themselves. Chief among these faults were an abundance of lust (Libis), innate love for those who are kin and hatred for those who are not (Paroch), and an insatiable desire to improve our own personal status (Egos). Even kings are never happy with what they have and who they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re fucking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kalemites believed that we were once a link in the Great Chain of Being, once part of an indistinguishable whole. However, the profane lure of individuality caught a hold of one of the Number, and so this misguided soul severed its link to the Chain, spawning all life on earth, dooming us and the animals to loneliness, to an existence where our minds can }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}