{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next morning they stumbled upon a deep well in the middle of nowhere. None present had ever seen it before, though Elrahet claimed to have seen it, only she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d completely forgotten about it. It was huge, two-men wide, and included a full set of stairs zig-zagging down to the bottom some fifty yards deep. Moto lowered a bucket. The water it contained was salty and brackish, and there were fish in it. They were the ugliest little minnows Mandri had ever seen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 blind fish with pulpy membranes where there should have been eyes. The Ayramun stopped and cooked the lot of them in a stew. It was not delicious. Afterwards, Seb began an argument with his own damned self.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, in between squelching chews, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you take a barrel full of water and put a live fish in it, the water overflows, but if you put a dead fish in it, the water don\u8217\'92t overflow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d claimed this implied something or other about the Spark, but then he\u8217\'92d immediately discount it, and he went on like this for half a hand until Obo asked the man if he\u8217\'92d ever actually put a dead fish into a barrel of water. Seb said he hadn\u8217\'92t, so he filled a bowl with water, put a dead fish in it, and found that water overflowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He did not know what to make of this.}}