{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Third millenium sumerian world was a linguistically diverse group of people - sumerian>semitic dialects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Invention of a writing system that was flexible enough to represent simple commercial transactions, historical data, and abstract thought.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Complex irrigation systems using gravity feed, weirs, dams, and lifting devices to bring fertility to the area and hold back floods.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some profession names are also generally thought to be pre-sumerian while the undoubtedly sumerian ones tend to be for more sophiticated urban-based professions such as that of scribe, suggesting that society was not very well developed before the sumerians.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It has also been suggested that the decimal system found in some of these very early texts is a pre-sumerian substrate survival.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arguments have been made for their presence from the time of the earliest inhabitatns, based on the perceived continuity in the pottery style and of monumental architecture. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the previously assumed link between specific groups of people, on one hand, and material culture, on the other, is broken, as it is by most scholars tody, the question fo the arrival of the sumerians becomes less significant because the culture concerned no longer has to be equated with the arrival of a single group.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The evidence we have for sumerian culture is incomplete, mediated by the twin accidents of discovery and survival. Also strongly skewed in favor of urban settlements and public buildings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is crucial to understand the dynamic interplay of water and sediments through rivers and marshes, levees and plains, lagoons and estuaries, and, finally, the esa. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the earth warmed, vast rivers fed by melting ice and heavy rains carved their way through the earlier sediments that had infilled the alluvial basin between the zagros mountains of iran and the arabian plateau. They dumped those sediments into the shatt al-arab valley, creating the floor of what is now the arab-persian gulf. Throughout the early holocene, even newer sediments then infilled those channel scours. For the most part, this re-leveled the basin floor. - in some places burying the earlier surface beneath tens of meteres of alluvial sands and silt;in others, leaving older remnants exposed, like turtles\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 backs rising above the still waters of a pond. Over time, the interplay of tectonic uplift and subduction with rising and falling sea levels, rivers and floods, and windborne sand scouring its way across that silty plain shaped and reshaped optimal zones for a variety of biological activities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water drainage throught souther iraq is controlled by a great downwards flexure that results form slippage of the arabian plate beneath the upward-thrusting iranian zagros mountains.this silippage forms an unstable shelf upon which quaternary alluvial sediments were depositied. The topology of theis warped bedrock ultimately influences not only hydrology, but also sedimentation, marine incuriosn, marsh formation, and the likely hood of archaeological sites being preserved and visible at the surface.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 entire}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  mesopotamian zone tips slighlty from the northwest (at samarra) to the southeast (at basrah), its plane is also twisted northeast towardthe zagros as it is subducted below the great mass of those mountains. Between najaf and kut, it further twists west to east along an oblique fault zone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The combined outflows (euphrates and tigris) passing southward, are slowed by the zubair sill, behind which fresh water tends to pond, and to which tidal action extends.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To the west, the alluvial shelf is defined by an abrupt rise in elevation of 10-20 meteres to a miocene limestone plateau, punctuated by small step faults that are most easily visible on the surface at Hit. During wetter periods and seasons, those faults funnel intermittent streams falling from the plateau, creating sediment fans below their nick points, as is clearly visible for the wadi al-khar near HIt. The most dramatic of these fans is that of the plio-pleistocen wadi badtin fluvial cone. During drier seasons, windborne sand pours down from teh plateau, forming dune fields that are pushed southeastward ahead of prevailing winds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mosopotamian zone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eastern boundary is sharply demarcated by the folded uplands of the zagros piedmont. Piedmont sediments, carried downstream during pluvial periods, have deeply buried that boundary in a series of merged alluvial fans that tend to push tigris waters sowthward from the southeast-trending flow. Thus, as the shatt al-arab crests the ubair sill en route to the gulf, it passes through a sediment framed bottleneck, where much mixing, scouring and re-leveling of sediment occurs during river floods and marien incursions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Understanding the deep structural effects of this twisted bedrock on hydrology and sediment deposition is fundamentalto understanding the processess of the twin rivers metamorphoses through time. From the eight millennium bc, at their point of emergence onto the alluvium, the tigris and euphrates appear always to have had anastomosing and significantly intermingled flows.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the surface slope of alluvial channels levels off - either because the land itself levels or because their channels empty into a large body of water - river beds undergo threshold changes from braided, to meandering, to straight or sinuous with the latter in some cases assuming multi-channel, anastomosed patterns. Thus, in mesopotamia, braided channels are typical of the arid uplands, where the tigris and euphrates are deeply incised into the syrian and arabian plateaus, however, on dropping from thos stable shelf lands into the alluvium, the slope abruptly diminshes to less than 1 percent. There the rivers assume meandering courses through the river floodplain, within fairly stable banks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most sediments are dropped in flood deposits along river distributaries, over time building broad, weak levees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because alluvial soils comprise the best-drained agricultureal soils, direct association of htese levees with past agricultural activity is common.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, as rivers abruptly slow on encountering slack water, they dump their remaining sediment loads, resulting in the multiple, bifurcating channels of a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bird\u8217\'92s foot\u8217\'92 delta, with newly deposited sedimetns becoming webs of marshland between the toes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Channel flipping as distributaries become blocked by their own sediments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ocean\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rise and fall is most significant in it\u8217\'92s see-saw effecto n the river\u8217\'92s deboudhmetn into the gulf. When the ocean levels drop, the rivers\u8217\'92 gradients increase and their water flow speeds up, leading to upstream downcutting, and downstream sediment dumping., that rapidly builds out (progrades) the rivers\u8217\'92 alluvial fans. When sea levels stabilize head-to-tail slope levels off and the rivers slow. As they do, more sediment accumulates within their floodplains, along their levees, and across their existing deltas, creating ideal conditions for formation of freshwater marshlands and brackish estuaries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aeolian deflation of later river and canal levees, which formed dune fields that then scoured their way across  the plain. In some cases, this destroyed archaeological sites entirely. In others, it barely scraped the top of hte surface ,revealing more recent material, but leaving hte older foundations buried. In still others, it buried sites utterly - or, alternatively , left archaeological features pedestaled above the deflated surface, standing on columns of sediments protected from deflation by archaological debris.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Primary dietary protein source was dried fish.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thin black line of the shatt al-khar canal is all that remains to indicate that a onece- mighty watercourse - a channel teh size of one of the marsh-feeding tigris distributaries south of amara - once flowed here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flint sickles}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Waterways connecting marshland towns to the clusters of houses and byres built by wetland cattle-keepers who harvest thousands of tons of reeds and rushes for mat-weaving, fodder, fuel, and construction material.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A seasonal island surmounted by multiple occupation mounds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quotas for marsh based products like reed, bitumen, boats, mats, and standardized fish baskets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water manifested itself in many ways; supplier of drink, marshes and wetlands as irrigation water, and rivers and channels for bulk transport.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wealth of information occurs in consultants\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 reports, usually made for twentieth century agricultural development projects. Charred lant remains recovered  are particularly useful.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A ganglion of canals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Southern part of the mesopotamian plains make up the lad of sumer have been subdivided into four broad soil ones }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - floodplain of the tigris and the euphrates rivers wher the sinuous or anastomosing rivers usually flow on low levees with levee slopes ideal for gravity flow irrigation. They include floodplains where water tables are higher an salinisation can be a chronic problem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - the delta plain of the tigris and euphrates where the rivers are PRONE to branch into a network of channel. Here drainage is slow, water tables are high, many soils have a tendency to be waterlogged, and flood basins are often coverd by water or marsh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - marsh region where rivers are virtually lost in reed-fringed extensive shallow marshes where groundwater is always high.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -the estuarine zone - here the tidal effect of the gulf is felt so that the rises and falls of water level contribute to both irrigation and drainage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The most obvious, but profoundly deceptive, feature of the lower mesopotamian plains is that they appear almost flat. Even minor differneces of elevation can make a significant difference to the flow of water. The gradient is only 5-10 cm per km in places, but is sufficient for the river to flow and to discharge that flow into the gulf. Channels in the lower plain have a tendency towards straightness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flow on slightly raised levees raised up a few meters high that result from the preferential deposition of sands and silts closer to the trunk channels, and finer clays further away. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rivers would occasionally burst their banks and adopt new channels, a process known as avulsion. These were catastrophic events, could lead to entire sttlement systems being left without water, but could have created new channels and new opportunities for settlement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flood cycle, critical to economy, poorly synchronised with the needs of cultivators. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peaks in april and may as a result of winter rainfall and spring snowmelt  on the mountains of anatolia, iran and iraq. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This threatens ripening grain crops, but also requries considerable efforts be made to protect the fields from flooding.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Simpole irrigation could have developed out of smallnatural overflows and levee breaks, which provided the locus for more organized irrigatio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spring flood when water was at its peak, which was not the correct time for the irrigation of cereals. Mmoreover, by dischargig excess water at weak points on the river bank, these crevices could be enlarged by the river thereby encouraging channel breaks and even channel shifts or avulsions.dd}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dendritic irrigation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Canals and irrigation ditches, dams and barrages, wells cisterns and reservoirs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mounds of up-cast rather than the ditch itself, reinforced with reeds and rushes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drains rather than canals}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After water was conducted along canals, it was necessary to get this water into secondary, tertiary and smaller channels, ultimately into fields. This was probably effected by using either regulators or weirs. Canal regulator excavated by Parrot at Tello, ancient Girsu. Constructed of baked bricks and bitumen, this feature appears to have taken a large volume of water and funnelled it through a narrow bick built channel which would have constrained flow to a given discharge after which the water then flowed into a widening funnel, presumably back into another channel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dams or weirs constructed of reeds, palm trunks and mud, raise and divert flow into subordinate channels. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bulk transport of reeds by boat. Huge amount piled up on a barge. Looking like a lumbering mammoth. Pg. 48}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Canal up-cast as boundary between states.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wealth on the hoof.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The role of large areas of fallow is essential to leaching of salts and for building up large herds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Palm gardens on the levee crest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Economies of scale were more efficient due to larger areas of fallow allowing for larger herds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little support for the notion tha the need to irrigate large systems ctually created the state. Instead, shorter canals leading from the main channels could have been readily organised by sumerian communites in the same was as recnt kin-based social systems in souther iraq. There is also no reason why the state should have controlled everything because in modern systems both state controlled administration (upstream) and independent or privately owned systems (downstream) coexist. In other}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pastorialism. Horticulture.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sumerian language}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -then follows an account of the language: its sounds, its words, how those words combine to form phrases, and how those phrases combine in turn as clauses.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A language can be classified in two independent ways: ypologically in terms of its grammatical features, and genetically in terms of the languages to which it is related. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smerian is typologically an agglutinative, ergative, and verb-fial language, genetically unrelated to any other.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Agglutination - word structure, morphology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Words can be described as consisting of at least one morpheme (minimal grammatical unit), which is called a free morpheme or base and can itself function as a word (such as the verb run). Words can also include one or more bound morphemes (such as the s in runs). Most langages use a combination of different morphological strategies but favor one more than others. Sumerian favors agglutination: typically it forms complex words by \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91gluing\u8217\'92 a a seqence of single-function, easily identifiable morphemes to an unchanging, generally monosyllabic base. The immediate contrast is with fusional morphology, as in languags ssuch as latin that fovor instead base-alterations and multifunctional bound morphemes with boundaries that are less easy to indetify.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg 96 - 2nd paragraph nominative-accusative vs. Ergative-absoltive. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Subject - object -verb. The verb is the head or governing element in the clause, and verb-final languages tend to be head-final elsewhere. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A problem that arrives in any attempt at classification - some scholars are splitters and some are bundlers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glottal stop - like the sound substituted for the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91t\u8217\'92 in battle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sumerian refers first and foremost to a language, not an ethnic group. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sumerians referred to themselves as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bleck headed people\u8217\'92 - sag gi ga - and called their homeland simply, \u8216\'91native land\u8217\'92 (ki-en-gi, native tounge land.) Kengi - place-native}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The origin of the sumerians remains a mystery (either aliens, or you know, because they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t document this shit)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The earlists texts offer little historical information if one is interested in a hostory of events. Textual genres that we cnounter in early mesopotamia are admin texts, word or lexical lists, literary texts, royal inscriptions and legal documents.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Administrative texts are among the first text that we encounter after the invention of writing. These texts recorded economic processes and offer important sources for the study of socio-economic histories. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kings began naming every year after a special event of the preceding year. Among the events are military conflicts (concquest of cities), religios eentes (appointing high priestesses or fashioning prestigious object of worship)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The earliest literary texts did not appear ntil about six-hndred years after writing was invented. Most was concerned with religion, praising deities and temples. The bulk dates to the Old Babylonian period (c1800 bc) Royal correspondence of UR, and sumerian kinglist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nearly one hundred years ofUr 3 state is best documented period in all of ancient mesopotamia history. Almost no texts from earlier part of state domination. Roughly 83% of known ur3 tablets with a date are from a short period of 25 years.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Climactic changes, warming, less precipitation. Over a few hundred years, the annual floods that regularly covered large tracts of land in the south ewere  largely stemmed, leading to the gradual silting up of much of the swamps and marches that made up the estuary of the two rivers. New and fertile land became available for cultivation, while the decrease of violent spring floods made longterm settlements along the rivers possible. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These people are obsessed with material conditions, and it is impossible to escape the conviction that irrigation agriculture or the comparative security, population density and stability, and social differentiation and complexity that induce - was at the very heart of these material conditions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The area south east, the water table is high and the agriculture work was impossible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Proportions of the fields, most 6:1 length to widht.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cadastral texts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each field area was the ultimate responsibility of a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91engar\u8217\'92 or cultivator. Groups of five, under the direction of an inspector of plough oxen, who in turn answered to an overseer, in charge of two \u8216\'91inspectors of plough oxen\u8217\'92 and in charge of ten \u8216\'91cultivatores\u8217\'92 and ten domain parcels.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cycles of growth and fission in individual settlements had been ongoing since the start of sedentism in the neolithic (urban sprawl into }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some agricultural workers had usufruct rights to plots of arble lands referred to sustenance fields.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Steinkiller believed small farms were impossible}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.) necessity of strict adherence to fallow requirements}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.) need for extensive irrigation systems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3.) volatile and shifting nature of the mesopotamian rivers and canals, which would obliterate any physical field boundaries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half the land would, by necessity, have to remain fallow to prevent salinization and soil degredation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The disastrous results of violation of fallow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The early mesopotamian concept of a royal dynasty was closely tied to the city that was its power base; this differs strongly from modern conceptions of royal dynasties, which are mainly defined through blood ties. - rarely information on parentage of kings, instead, ings stated that their rule was legitimised through divine favour.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sumerian kinglist - skl created afiction that southern mesopotamia was always ruled by a single dynasty and therefore served as a tool of legitimisation for the old babylonian dynasty of isin, who laid claim to a hegemonic rule over mesopotamia. Differences in copies show that the old babylonian scribes took some liberties in transmitting the kinglist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shurrupak. Eresh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meskalamdug.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Naram sin - succesful defeat of the rebellion declared the people of the city of akkad asked him to be their god, making him the first deified king in mesopotamia.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chronology: (pg. 116 etc.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Uruk - 4000 bc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Late Uruk (Uruk III) - 3000 b.c. - earlies sumerian texts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dynastic periods I-III - 3000 to 2350 - warring city states - sumerian kinglist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akkad - 2350 to 2200  - Sargon/Naram Sin - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91first empire\u8217\'92 - raided far off lands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Second dynasty of Lagash - 2200 t0 2112 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91intermediate period\u8217\'92 - absence of written records}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ur III (third dynasty - 2112 t0 2004) - uprecedented quantity of sumerian admin texts. 120k. \tab Few literary and lexical texts. - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Ur-Namma - extensive canal system, admin reforms, ziggurats in Ur Uruk, \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Nippur, and Eridu. First law code. Died on the battlefield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Sulgi built upon these achievenets to centralize ur III admin. 48 years. Temples built for this living, deified king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Babylonian period - 2004 to 1595 - sometimes referred to as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Amorite age\u8217\'92. Sumerian became a sacred language a\u8217\'92la latin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Like all territorial states of the third millennium, the ur III state was relatively fragile and centered on charismatic rulers, such as sargon, naram-sin, ur-namma, and sulgi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Food shortage, sky rocketing food prices during the reign of ibbi-sin indicate the beginning collapse of the centralised administration.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When mapped regionally, settlements often occurred in linear arrays, on account of their close adherence to levees of the rivers and major canals. The tigris and euphrates dropped most of their suspended sediments in this upper part of the plain, resulting in the substantial aggradation of silts that have buried the earliest sites. Further southeast, anatamosing and branching patterns.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 River diversions could be intentional acts of war that could leave citiesor entire regions suddenly without reliable water for irrigation, at which time they would have to be abandoned, or the watercourses restored with herculean effort.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The precise timing of the first urban growth remains a matter of debate. The urk period, defined archaeologically, covers almost the entire fourth millennium. Pg.138}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pearls-on-astring model of agricultural settlement, cities along river/canal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The age of city states and initial political unification (2600-2100 bc)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the mid-third millenniu, the use of cuneiform writing had expanded byond administration to include propagandistic statements by rulers, occasionaly in the form of monuments that also feature ryoal and divine iconography. Each city was envisioned as the home of a god to which the fortunes of the city and its ruler were tied, and in whose name temples were built and wars were fought. The inter-city warfare described in these monuments has given rise to the notion f a landscape of city states, small autonomous polities based around a single major city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If nucleation and endemic conflict were closely relate,dthe historicallyknown city states phase may have been an unsettled time, since so few communities felt secure enough to settle permanently in the countryside beyond city walls. The mid third millennium represents teh apex of urban nucleation, almost 80 percent clustered into centeral sumer. Simultaneous warfare and culeation characterized northerm esopotamia. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Basiclly, period were settlement were more spread out, then nucleation as people got raided. - Elrahet longs for this brief period of time in which human liberty was absolute. You could be who you want and go where you want. Then the issues of security. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 City state model is just one of many possible political forms. The lagash state, for example, included girsu and nina, each a large city in its own right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maps pg 145/46}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whoever controls the headwaters controls the river - so the five kings instigated a shared settlement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When major political and religious centers - palaces and temples = are located next to each other in the middle of a settlement, this indicates a concentration of both religious and political power; when separate, they likely have different spheres of influence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 157 - at eridu a small shrine grew into a large temple built on a platform during the course of the fifth millennium. No city around this temple, but a large cemetery, suggesting people in area around wanted to be buried here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The temple oval - large complexes surrounded by one or two oval walls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All temple ovals were located at the edge of the city - pg. 163}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Temple isolated on a small island.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Palace complexes at eridu and kish represent a clear break with the past\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. They are the first examples with a clear throneroom and are located a considerable distance from the religous center. Thus they embody the practical and symbolic separation between the religius and secular which is the hallmark o fmesopotamian rule from this time forth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None of the early dynastic houses have staircases.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At both lagash and at khafajah, houses in very different parts of these cities have the same range of room widths, providing a strong suggestion that the physicla divisions between residentail areas occupied by people of different classes so prevalent in today\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cities did not exist in ancient mesopotamia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Room widths differ consederably between cities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At both abu salabikh and lagash, walls circumvallate the individual component mounds that make up the ancient city, but no single wall surrounds the whole.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Late early dynastic - high-density occupation with little in the way of open space. Houses built around courtyards and sharing party walls strung along quite narrow streets and alleyways, some with dog-leg bends in them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Differences in density were limitations in space imposed by the presence of city walls. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was during this time that secular rule evolved. In some instances, residential structures were clearly connected to the main temple, such as houses with the temple oval at Khafajah. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Southern Mesopotamia was never again as urbanized as it was during the late early dynastic period. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg 170 Mashakn-shapir layout}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cities settlements with populations too large for everyone to know each other and with an institutional complex unknown earlier wer first seen in sumer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How to identify public building.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Architecturally unique, size, location, decoration and building materials and will. Exceptional forms means exceptional function.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Villages and towns developed into citeies, cities became centers of trade, cult centeres, and the seats of political power. Global trade developed, dynastic succession became the norm, rebels usurped power, and worldly kings proclaimed themselves gods.s}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stone cone temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tripartite floor plan - two parrallel rows of rooms with an open hall in between.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A square basic form, built of four wingsthat enclosed a huge courtyard. Square building. Unique in the history of uruk.  Other buildings were torn down, but not this one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The builtorder can accordingly be read ass igns of the ruling order. Monumentality and an accumulation of monumental buildings signal unlimited availablity of resources and thus unliited power in the hands of those responsi le. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The use of monumental architecture as a demonstration of power.  The opposite is the destruction of earlier monument. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brics built into the walls of the inner courtyard in which the ziggurat was the dominnant feature were inscribed with the sumerian name e-temen-ni-gur-ru - the foundation carries shiver}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only after changing direction several timesa nd passing entrance rooms and anterooms did the visitor reach the buildings interior. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Royal propopganda promoted the view that kingship was the very basis of civilisation and that it was sared. It descended from heaven. Chosen by the gods, the king was their representative on earth. He formed the link between mundane and transcendent worlds. He feed the gods, establishing justice, and prevailing over wilderness and foreign enemies. A paragon of manliness, and through his link with the divine world he was god-like. In contrast to egypt, explicit self-deification with a royal cult was confined to two short periods during which mesopotamia was united under kings of akkad and the third dynasty of ur. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kings were men. The only female king in the sumerian kinglist, ku-baba of kish, is characterised as a brother keeper, obviously a mockery that bespeaks the attitude towards women in the male-dominated early mesopotamian establishment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inscriptions on dedicatory objects and seals identify woen through their husband or father. Stereotypical gender roles existed at least since the mid-third millennium BC: in a birth incantation from Fara, the great midwife brings the girl to the world with a spindle and needle and the boy with two types of weapons.  Grave goods - men weapons, women jewellery. Men to the public, women to the domestic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fact that they figure as heads of estates in administrative texts should not seduce us into concluding that the organisation of the state was the product of a strategy impleented by women and women in which women were on par with male counterparts. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Royal women formed part of the elite. Accordingly a man could, in exceptional cases, be identified through his affiliation with a royal woman rather than through his father. Elite status however, should not be confounded with direct political influence. Even if royal women had power behind the throne, they remained subservient to the establishment. Thus Enheduana prayed for her nephew Naramsin in order to regain her office of Nanna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s high priestess in Ur, from which she had been schased away by the rebelling local governor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women were tools in political marriages to produce heirs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a recent study on Cyrus the Great of Persia, Amelie Kuhrt revealed the discrepancy between this king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s image and reality: rather than the liberator, the wise and tolerant statesman which he stylised himself as and which continues to dupe his audience today, he actually treated his enemies in much the same way as his imperial predecessors and successors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In every communication, the circumstances - source, channel of transmission, receiver - are vital for understanding the message - there are diverse channels that transmit visual images of kings and queens: statues, stelae, door plaques, cult vessles and implements, foundation figurines, rock reliefs and cylinder seasl. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dedicator objects, especially royal statues, were ritually consecrated and could receive offerings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most dedicatory objectes which have survived the tooth of time were carved in stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both materials were precious in mesopotamia: metal was imported from anatolia or iran and, while limestone existed in north meso, most other stones were imported from farther away, the kings of akkad, for example, imported diorite from oman for the manufactor ofe size statues and stelae and the fact that they metnion this specifically in their inscriptions confirmsthe value that was attributed to the material. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two principles of compositionar the distinction between culminating and episodic scenes and the notion of core and expansion. Culminating scenes depict one group of figures at the climax of a series of events, while episodic scenes juxtapose successive episodes of a story; }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The uruk vase depicts the cosmos of the first urban society in hierarchic order over several registers to be read from bottom to top. Water as a precondition of the agrarian state, crop and animal husbandry, the labour force carrying the products of the economy, and in the culminating scene on top, the encounter of the ruler with the goddess inanna. Barley and flax, rams and ewes surplus harvest to storage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Presentation scenes that render the prosperity that the gods bestow on the ruler by streams of water issuing from overflowing vessels that the enthroned deity offers to the approaching ruler. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since the king is invested in his office by the gods and performs his duties towards them, his authority to dispense justice is divinely sanctionned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kings were also expected to prevail over the wilderness. The Hunt Stela. Fighitng lions with a spear and bow. Heroic thing to subdue a wild animal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5400 men eat daily befor me - claim towards patronage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The temple herd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Divine kingship was neither the apex of a long development towards a centralised mesopotamia, noran autonomous symbolic system, but a component of complex reformations that took place in teh aftermath ofalmost fatal state collapses. (michalowski 2008: 39)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The nature of a ritual of kingship known as the sacred marriage has long puzzled scholars. With one contested exceptio, the famed uruk vase from the rotoliterate period, the testimony has appeared to be exclusively textual. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Between two deities or between a deity and a human. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The present study begins, therefore, by setting aside the mega-category of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sacred marriage\u8217\'92 if the term is to be retained, it needs to be used mor judiciously, not as a category that encompasses every union conceivably possessing a sacral character but as a familiar name for a uniquely mesopotamian institution whose native referent has been hard to pin down, namely, the poorly understood relationship between mesopotamian rulers and the goddess inanna. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unkin - assembly}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Invention of the legal contract - slaves could prove their freedom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Judge issues guild, jury of peers issues punishment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Relationship between lugal and the en. Lugal wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t supreme king. More focused on military matters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Uruk the first city, all about the temple. Then arhitecture of cities starts showing two new elements, a monumental building with a different layout from temples, first attested  at kish, and city-walls, first attested at uruk. They suggest that a non-religious source of authority had arisen, connected to warfar, which was perhaps on the increase because growing poppulations demanded greater hinterlands and fought over the agriculturalzones between the cities. The people reacted by seeking protection behind walls and military leadership. The person incharge demanded his own special residence, the palace. Army leaders aquired supreme powers. The earliest preserved documentation of a war, the conflict between the cities of umma nd lagash over border territory, which lasted several generations, shows how rulers gained prominence through victory in battle.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Middle of the third millennium did away with the parallel existence of two sources of power, secular and religious, and merged them into one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Urukagina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reforms, already mentioned here as an edict to protect the people from abuse, claim that the king restored domains that since time-immemorial had been owned by the city ruler and his wife to the gods ningiru and bau.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The usurpation of divine powers did not stop there. The fourth king of the sargonic dynasty, naram-sin, became a living god himself. The official announcement of that transition is preerved; the incription on the Bassetki tati pleaded witht he various gods to make naram-sin a god as well. Naram-sin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s successor Sharkalisharri.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sharcalarriuun}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In each case of writing invention, monosyllabic language, basic units of meaning equivalent to basic units of speech.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 River and rainfall levels were at their lowest at the time of sowing in the autumn, while the rivers swelled perilously during the spring harvest. The pressing need to contorl the water supply. The ophidian snakes, wheich entowine down the length of the portal and point their heads at the spout, the water delivery system has been conceptualized as interconnected streams flowing between heaven and earth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The merger of symbolic liquids in some specific manner reversed the dominance of one stream over the other, flipping the existing current, sending moisture toward the fields during growing season, and directing water away during the harvest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clergy of sumer pg. 246}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cultic celebrants could lead rites in and outside various sacred spheres. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onesumerian poem describes the fashioning of the gala (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91lamentation priest\u8217\'92): Enki, god of wisdom, creates the gala and provides him with prayers, laments, and musical instruments to soothe the raging heart of the goddess Inana that was troubling heaven and earth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another sumeriran tale, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91enlil and namzitara\u8217\'92 recounts how the high god enlil disguised as a gcrow, meets manzitara, a servant of the gudu priests (\u8216\'91cultic officiants\u8217\'92), going home after having completed his daily work.  Namzitara recognises and acknoledges the power of enlil, who rewards him by giving hima hereditary prebend (offices having the right to an income from the temple in return for the performance of services connected with the cult, a benefice) in his temple. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Copious large temple institutions with sundry and numberous staff proliferated in the citie. The clergy who served them were divided into specific groups, each associted with a particular temple and god;. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The apex of the sumerian clerical hierarchy was occupied by the en, whose gender generally depended on that of the deity. If the deity was female, the en was male, and vice versa. The en was considered the spouse of the deity and this metaphorical relationship expressed the harmony of the divine and human worlds in his/her person.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Casting spells on the ground. Beating the drum skins.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Colophon}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lord of the morning}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the ordination ritual, as in any rite of passage, each phase has its typical symbolic expressions. The first phase is the separation from the profane world after the eselection of the en-priestess through divination.rites of preparation such as purifications and ablutions. After describng her divine election from birth for the office of the en and her physical purity, an essential requirement for the priesthood, the en-priestess enanedu alludes to some rite she performed as princess in front of the palace as she leaves it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second phase is the liminal period, the novitiate, in shice the novice is to learn the rituals that she will be clled upon to perform. Learns the principles of human society together with the divine ordinances, the ground plan of heaven and earth, the gishur. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The third phase, the incorporation of the enpriestess into the the sacred world, is attested both in administrative and in literary texts. Administrative texts record disbursements made on the day or days of the celebration of the entrance of the priestess into the gipar, the place that will be her ecclesiastic residence. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The celembration ceremonies began by the en priestess festively entering the city and leading a ten head of female livestock, one white cow adn nine black ewes. After having taken up residence in the city, the priestess entered the temple of Gula, the goddess of healing, where she remained for the first four days. On the fourth day, the en-priestess performed the ki-utu-rites, possibly at the rising of the sun, which involved invocations and sacrifices of male animals - a bull, ram and billy goat as the siskur  offerings. In all likelihood, these rites were designed to bring about the ritual purification of the new priestess. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In soccer everyone blames italians for their unsportsmanlike behavior. Italians blame southern italians souther italians blame the napalese. The napalese blame a little village in  who in turn all blame fredo the cheesemonger. So all unsportsmanlike behavior comes from him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Differences in the way they tell stories. Delillo - amibitious flings fo imagery, swinging for the fences. Makes you think he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Hemingway. With hemingway there are no frills. For hemingwayt the story is blunt object and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to hit you in the face with it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 En, ornament of the heavens. - En -he- du- an- na a name encapsulating identity, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moonrahuun communicates only through images, and so requires an artist to recreate these images to convey the message to the people. Moon doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make the images himself because he won\u8217\'92t sully his hands with whatever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle, however, lost the Urge, he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to create art - but this settles into hidden prophecy - words about a great artist who regains the urge will be the one to be Moonrahuuns exegete.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All art is exegesis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grind the groats for hte meal offering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All chosen by extispicy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People only want to help people who appreciate the help. Shows its nt about helping people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 christians\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The makings of an artist, a good artist, is an extreme desire to be liked. Its not precocious ability to draw or paint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I dont care what other people think about me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then you wont be a great artist. Because every work is telling other people something about who you are. If you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to do it, you\u8217\'92ve got to care about what other people think or else its just too much work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The agrun \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bedchamber\u8217\'92 of ningal was found in the archaeological excavations of the ningal temple.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Charrawiya}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cotton cap and cotton square of decorated cloth folded and wrapped round the cap to frm the brim.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nudity uniform for aides of the gods.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prisoners nude}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Specific garmets, grades of wool and textile were reserved for oyal and temple personnel and public displays in ceremonies and feasts. People in lower echelons were provided with cloth of coarser varietes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some were hand-loomed, plaited or fleeced. Linen wool; wool was madee into saddle cloth, shaggy garmets, headbands, headdresses, loincloths, and menstruating garments, menstruating bandages, and underwear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sumptuous, best, third and fourth grade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Local citicens in workshops, indebted, or purchased persons, or prisoners of war. Or seasonal lbor for corvee service. Many attempted to run away.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cotton hemp and jut, but outside of reeds and palm, there are no records for the use of any other fibers in mesopotamia. Wool of sheep and from flax for linen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91In sumer, the shift to wool catalyzed \u8216\'91the initial development of large textile workshops and the labor class\u8221\'94\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Linen fiber is produced from the flax plant. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fabric and garmets made of linen were restricted to elite clothing and a vvariety of accessories.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When and where special breeds of sheep for wool were developed is less certain. Although spindle whorls were discovered in 7000bc, it is unclear whether they were for spinning linen or wool. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By Ur III, textile production had become an industriral activity. Standardized qualities fo wool were established, earmarked for specific fabrics, adn recorded by weight .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until shearing implements were invented, the wool was hand plucked from the animal. On a single day, 2,259 sheep were plucked, three month period, 203,310 sheep were plucked in Girsu alone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fat-tailed sheep were teh highest quality and ranked as first and second class, while highland mountain sheep er e third, fourth and fifth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plain weave in chich long fringes of fleece were woven into the fabroc or a asheepskin worn with th efleece side down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kilt that extended to the knee.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Men wear kilts with a long wool fringe. Over the kilt they wear a cape of either cloth or sheepskin and a helmet of similar materias. The cape has a neck clasp and holes perforating the cloth at intervals. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sashes became more elaborate. For men, they were worn at the hip, loins, and waist, as shawls, and as a kind of undershirt. Could be worn with a wrap around cloak. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most fabrics were produced in a balanced weave in which the ratio of warp to weft was equal(vertical threads to hori threads) . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several weft threads woven at once, creating a twill-like pattern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shaggy cloth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Felt matress, felt padding inside shoes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upholstery armchairs and cushions, lining boxes, bronze objects, and other containers, mats and tablecloths and houselhold needs, bathroom, floor coverings and ropes. Caulking boats and linging for the kings wagon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plucking wool from sheep occurred twice a year }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finest fleece comes from the outer coat of the animal where springy wool is found.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cleaning the wool, combing it, teasing it by hand, then rolling and stretching the fiber,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flax - plant needs to be soaked, beaten and xcraped, then combed out. Much more difficult}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After preparing and cleaning the wool, the next step is to spin it into yarn suitable for weaving. The purpose of spinning is to convert a massive quantity of fiber into a stable yarn. This is usually done with a spindle consisting of a shaft and a whorl with a perforation near its center. Spindle whorls stretch back to neolithic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spinner holds the spindle with one hand while drawing and twisting the fibers with the other. This twisting process presses the fiber together and strengthens the thread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A round object with a centrally pierced hole is more likely to be a whorl than a bead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whorl typologies based onweight, diameter, and perforation at the center. Whorl diamter determines the quality of the yarn spun, since a whorl with a smaller diamtere spins faster and produces a tightle spun yarn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg.405}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemispherical flat-bottomed spindle whorls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a village near al-hiba, oscenshchlager observed women dyeing wool by first soaking it in a warm solution of potash, a substance used as a mordant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inanna and shukaletuda}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ereshkigal queen of the netherworld, kills inanna - all procreation ceases.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finds him with the help of a tattling fly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bilulu. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mesopotamian thought, which took great interest in the appearance,properties, and magical potential of stones (schuster-brandis 2008).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Myth stories ~pg440}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Imports alone motivated trade, never exports. In south mesopotamia, true trade was focused on the importation of the raw materials which the region lacked, notably metals, high quality timber and both building and semi-precious stones. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such materials were acquired in exchange for manufactured goods, ainly textiles, foodstuffs and oils. Cerals do not seem to have played a major role, probably, because of the difficulty of transporting such bulky items by land. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jaghjagh river.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Damgar- sumerian word for merchant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Different cities on the southern plain developed manufacturing specialites or acted as entrepots for the forwarding on of foreign goods.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prestige material.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unworked Carnelian beads. Lapis lazuli.  Shells, decorated chlorite vessels, exotic animals and birds.  Dice. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Togolok.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meluhha.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shakkanaku}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Syrian bottles were generally manufactured in two forms: a long alabastron shape and a shorter, more rounded, egg shape.  The forms and surface treatments of syrian bottles are skeuomorphic, like many finne ware repertoires in western asia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Designed to contain perfumed oils. Or unguents, which in mortuary context might have been used to anoint the dead. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many of these objects share compranda with forms that were first identified in mesopotamia, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forms like the spiral and basket earrings/pendants identified\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The High Terrace. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Viloent rains can apidly erode mudbrick architecture if it is not protected and making the town round and slightly domical is one way of making sure the rain runs off to the edge of the mound.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dys\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u183\'B7gen\u183\'B7ic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /dis\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u712\'27jenik/}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finkel - doctors had their lists of plants and so they knew what would help with a particualr problem.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These are likely all names of plants:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sweat of a wolf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Human semen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bear faeces}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slave girl-buttock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doves\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 dung}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91old man\u8217\'92s beard\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Names of plants:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Imhur-nish - it cures twenty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Imhur-lim - it cures a thousand}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plants -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Onions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Garlic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leeks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lettuce}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cucumbers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turnips}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mint}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cress}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thyme}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coriander}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}