{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 This is the tension here, because Pel is fighting for Unity, Elrahet is fighting for maintaining entropy system. Elrahet sees Pel as fighting against the beauty of creation. Pel sees Elrahet at as fighting against the joy of wholeness. They both see the other as trying to destroy what is good.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s simple rules of attraction and repulsion. Sol set up the repulsion. The natural state is attraction. Fabled Black negates both; stasis. Or alternatively, Fabled black is the negation of attraction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Oh yes, we're just burning the gradient. Every breath, every thought, all that we do is the local pinnacle of dissipating potential. The Spark is burning that gradient \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Spark is not a source of light but darkness, because if all was light to start with, then existence \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91falls into\u8217\'92 and spreads out over darkness. The Spark is the pinch of darkness into which light is flooding.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Alternative, Hilbert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Hotel}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dan linsford- if a hotel is full in the sense that there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a guest in every room then you\u8217\'92re not going to be able to fit new guests in, yet hilbert\u8217\'92s hotel, even when full, can accommodate new guests so that\u8217\'92s supposed to be a kind of paradox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85if all the even guests leave, then you\u8217\'92ve still got an infinte number of guests left because all the odds are still left. Or if all numbers above four leave, then an infinite number left but you\u8217\'92re left with three.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Malpass- is the hotel full and also not full. The simple answer is that just looks like that because we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not careful to distninguish clearly what we mean by full. If full means every room in the hotel has a guest in it, then yes, obviously HIlbert\u8217\'92s hotel is full, but if full means the hotel cannot accommodate any new guests and obviously it\u8217\'92s not full because it can accomodate new guests and the point is just that, just take a finite hotel with 100 rooms, these two concepts are just the same, they\u8217\'92re co-extensive, so if every room is full then you can\u8217\'92t accommodate anyone, but these two concepts fall apart if the hotel has infinitely many rooms in it so what we have to do is keep track of the meaning of the term. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This process invokes the Axiom of Choice. The finitist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s objection to this axiom; \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pretend you can do something that you can\u8217\'92t. You cannot make an infinite number of possible choices. You can\u8217\'92t say, \u8220\'93and now suppose that we make an infinite number of independent choices.\u8221\'94 That is just an empty phrase if we cannot support it in ways which we can observe and validate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, for funsies, lets exclude \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91supertask\u8217\'92 choices, such as removing all guests in even rooms from the infinite hotel. Meaning we can only remove guests from a finite number of rooms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You take the guests in rooms 1 and 2, pluck them out, insert guest 1 into room 2, then pluck out guest in room 3, insert guest 2 into room 3, and so on, into infinity. The minimum amount of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91transient\u8217\'92 guests required to carry out this process is 2, one to insert, and one to be extracted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, we are essentially popping them out of an infinite set into a finite set. They move from \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91experiencing\u8217\'92 infinitude to \u8216\'91experiencing\u8217\'92 finitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This relates to the story as such:\line Solraheen somehow found Himself outside the bounds of the Infinite*. He tried to rejoin the infinite, but as the infinite is already and always full, he had to pop out a space for Himself a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92la Hilbert Hotel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  this pop/push resulted in Schisol coming into existence in the finite. Schisol tried the to do the same, rejoin the infinite by pop/push, and in so doing pulled out Solraheen, and so on. At some point, Solraheen realized that he wasn\u8217\'92t successfully being reinserted into the infinite flow, and so instead tried to construct a new infinite by channeling stream of infinite matter into his finite dimension, but it didn\u8217\'92t work as planned. So now there\u8217\'92s a whole host of \u8216\'91Sparks\u8217\'92 leaking into the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This implies the finite/physical/time experiential world exists alongside the infinite. It also implies that this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91pop/push\u8217\'92 process occurs inside the mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The key characteristic of the finite is the experience of time, and that is what really drags. Contrast between finite and infinite renders both difference, and thus, identity. Infinite cannot exist without finite, and vice-versa.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 *How did Solraheen first pop out?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - fun to think about is that this is what we are, this is what reality is - particles and people waiting their turn as transient entities, popping into existence is actually popping out of infinity, and at some point all this matter will be rejoined with infinity.  May not be rejoined, because leaving the hotel is also possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a bit lick banach tarski paradox - we are the decomposition process of the infinite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen wanted to create more of the Spark. THis popped some number out of infinity into the finite. THere\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no putting it back!!!!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What about the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91accomodate\u8217\'92. This implies a completeness. The infinite hotel cannot accomodate if it cannot be computedin a finite amount of time, because there is always a person who is being \u8216\'91excluded\u8217\'92 so to speak, as they are traveling between rooms. Same with guests \u8216\'91leaving\u8217\'92 the hotel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - a transient number }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Will these always be finite?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Countable infinity\u8217\'92 is not an bad because infinity is not a number; it is a size- the countable isn\u8217\'92t being applied to the notion of infinity bot to a set of elements within it.\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  but then the notion of infinity as \u8216\'91real\u8217\'92 when it is a size measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - you can count from one element to another in a finite amount of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -supertasks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, infinities somehow have different sizes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wierdness with set of all even numbers equaling size of set of all whole numbers. Evens can be squished down to correspond with wholes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Uncountable\u8217\'92 means counting from one element to another in an infinite amount of time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reese Johnston-mathstack:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not known that modern set theory is consistent; in fact, by the Incompleteness Theorem, we can't ever have a system of axioms that we can prove is consistent. Which means that the only condition we can rely on for determining whether a set of axioms is "right" is whether or not it produces absurd results.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under ZFC, we have different sizes of infinity - there are sets which are larger than the set of natural numbers in a precise sense. We also have a lot of weirdness involving the Axiom of Choice - for example, with the Axiom of Choice, a theorem of Banach and Tarski states that a hollow sphere can be disassembled into five pieces and then reassembled (without stretching, tearing, or otherwise deforming the pieces) into two spheres that are both identical to the first one in both size and shape. But the Axiom of Choice simply states that given a set of sets, we can "choose" one element from each set - which seems intuitively true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A finitist's perspective on ZFC is often that results like the hierarchy of infinite cardinals and the Banach-Tarski paradox are absurd - that they should count as contradictions, because they patently disagree with the intuitive picture of mathematics. The sensible conclusion is that one of the axioms of ZFC is wrong. Most of them are intuitively obvious, because we can demonstrate them with finite sets - the only one we can't is Infinity, which states that there exists an infinite set. So a finitist's conclusion is to reject the Axiom of Infinity. Without that axiom ZFC becomes purely finitistic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, many finitists are happy to stop here. But some are bothered by the fact that we still have an infinite collection of natural numbers; the infinite still "exists", in a sense, and gives the opportunity for the above weirdnesses to arise in the same way. So some people (including some mathematicians) subscribe to ultrafinitism and insist that there are only finitely many numbers at all. One ultrafinitist mathematician I know defines the largest integer to be the largest integer that will ever be referenced by humans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Among mathematicians, ultrafinitists are much rarer than simple finitists. Finitists generally agree with you that "unboundedness" is a natural idea - it's essential, for example, in the definition of a limit. But they would go on to insist that this is just a formalism - that a limit, for example, is just a statement of eventual behavior, involving only finite numbers. So \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8734\'38\u8734\'38 isn't an object, it's just a shorthand. This is (at least to my mind) more mathematically defensible than ultrafinitism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EDIT: Since a lot of people seem to be having a hard time with my first sentence, I thought I'd clarify. The Incompleteness Theorem states that we cannot have a set of axioms powerful enough to express arithmetic and still be able to prove its consistency within the system. The reason I didn't include this phrase above is because it unnecessarily weakens the point. Any axiom system intended to codify all of mathematics defines the idea of "proof"; if, say, T is intended to underlie all of mathematics, then by "proof" we must mean "proof in T". With such a T, we can say that T cannot be proven consistent at all; because by Incompleteness, any proof of the consistency of T would not be a proof from inside T, but T is supposed to be powerful enough that all proofs are proofs from inside T. Thus: we can't ever have a system of axioms for mathematics that we can prove is consistent - full stop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To add to Reese's excellent answer, I will say first that I don't consider myself a finitist, but I can understand why finitists postulate as they do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even the ultrafinitists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, to quote the Wikipedia article already cited in a comment (emphasis added):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even though most mathematicians do not accept the constructivist's thesis, that only mathematics done based on constructive methods is sound, constructive methods are increasingly of interest on non-ideological grounds. For example, constructive proofs in analysis may ensure witness extraction, in such a way that working within the constraints of the constructive methods may make finding witnesses to theories easier than using classical methods. Applications for constructive mathematics have also been found in typed lambda calculi, topos theory and categorical logic, which are notable subjects in foundational mathematics and computer science.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now my own explanation of ultrafinitism has less to do with belief than practicality. But first, a discussion of ideas themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Numbers, ultimately, are ideas, as are every other element in mathematics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You say (emphasis added):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are there some (maybe arguably) good mathematical reason to deny the existence of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8734\'38 or is it just a philosophical attitude? The concept of unboundedness seems pretty natural to me, so what could be a reason to avoid it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is inherently a subjective position, and a perfectly valid one: "I can think of this idea, so how can someone say this idea doesn't exist?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course it would be ludicrous to claim that the idea of infinity doesn't exist. You just thought of it (thought about it), didn't you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll be an ultrafinitist for a moment and explain the position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not that infinity doesn't exist as an idea, it's that you cannot point to an infinity anywhere in the real universe. Anything you point to is necessarily finite, or you couldn't point it out or demonstrate it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mathematics is all (all) based on working with symbolization of real or abstract data. You're dealing with ideas, fundamentally, and ways of representing those ideas to resolve, communicate about, or pose problems\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again, either real or abstract.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Please don't be so attached to a single system for ideas and their symbolization that you fail to recognize that other ideas may exist outside of that scope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You criticize ultrafinitists for failing to include the concept of an infinity in their abstractions and symbolizations. Very well, why is it that your own mathematics fail to include the concept of "certainty"? Or "knowledge"? Or "co-existence" (the same number having two different values at the same time)? Or how about "time" itself, since that is not included in mathematics?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you can work with your mathematics and get results that work, or even just that you find interesting, fine. If I can work with my mathematics and get different results than you, but they work for me (produce a desired result when applied to the real world), great.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But this is all more general, covering the broad sweep of differences of mathematical ideas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To answer your precise question, and provide the "arguably good" mathematical reason to omit consideration (not "deny the existence") of the infinite in a mathematical framework, it is:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you omit everything that cannot be directly observed, and abstract only that which can be observed, your results will apply uniformly to the observable universe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This conclusion itself can only be demonstrated by observation of the observable universe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it cannot be theoretically evolved. It itself is separate from the approach of theoretically evolving a set of ideas, so it cannot be measured by the yardstick of theoretical postulation of ideas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.00594"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.00594}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {This paper describes a continuation of the program of causal views, in which the world consists of nothing but a vast number of partial views of its past. Each view is associated to an event, and is a representation of the immediate causal past of that event. These consists mainly of processes that transfer energy, momentum and other charges to it from its past events }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Momentum of now.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}