{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Defining Characteristic}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Describe your protagonist using a word or short phrase that can go before their name.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Hopes and Dreams}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Before the story begins, what does your character want? What are their goals or dreams? Finish the sentence in the box below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~to fit in at his new boarding school, to escape their evil step-father's grasp, a new book to read}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Inciting Incident}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What is the event that upsets your protagonist's world and sets the story in motion?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~a fellow student dies, The Prince invites them to a ball, she discovers a magical spell book}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Incited Action}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What is the action does your protagonist take as a result of the inciting incident?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~discovers they were murdered, accepts the invitation, decides to protect it at all costs}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Updated Purpose}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What is your protagonist's new purpose? And what might be the consequences of not reaching it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~must investigate the crimes before the murderer strikes again, hatches a plan to make the prince fall in love with them as an escape from her life with their evil step-father, is the only force keeping the book from falling into the hands of an organization bent on ridding the world of magic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The New Normal}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Your protagonist is doing A Lot in the first half of the book, but in general terms describe the collection of actions that your protagonist is taking, now that events have been incited, and calls to action have been answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~investigates the strange circumstances surrounding the murder; gets ready to attend the ball; searches for the High Librarian, in whose hands the book will be truly safe}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 New Discoveries}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 As your protagonist dives into the new world of the story, what are they discovering about it and/or themselves? The discovery should complicate their situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~another student may be responsible for the crime; they may not need the prince to escape their step-father after all; the conspiracy to rid the world of magic goes deeper than they could ever have imagined.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Initial Challenges}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What are some of the initial challenges your protagonist faces?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~a red herring leads him in the wrong direction and leads him to accuse the wrong person in front of the entire school; the conspirators destroy the library and force her to flee.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The Great Challenge}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What is your protagonist's greatest challenge? The problem that seems unsolvable? This should be a plot point introduced mid-way through the book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~Jeff discovers he's the murderer's new target; their step-father locks them in a tower when they try to leave for the ball; it turns out the High Librarian is working for the evil organization.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Challenge Outcomes}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Give two conflicting outcomes to the challenge. Best result vs. Worst result. The thing they think they want vs. the thing they actually need. This will act as a hook to make your reader want to learn what happens to your protagonist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ex.\~solve the murder/become the murderer's next victim; find a way to The Prince/figure out a way to save themselves; learn enough magic to save the book/else be responsible for a world without magic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1}