{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Outlining his skin was a thin sheaf of vibrant red, an otherworldly light. The skin itself was dark and washed with gold. If this were all, he might think himself a demon, but his veins were glowing, and each breath suffused his lungs with light. The many tendrils beside his bones pulsed glory right down through him, down to his fingers and toes. He might have thought himself to be a god if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for the sight his stomach\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a black void, a wrinkled blob of cancer clutched by a severed hand whose threads of purpose lead back, of course, to Moteah\u8217\'92s arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Elrahet, not Moteah, who waddled forward. With so many threads woven around her, she seemed to drag the world along with her every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Focus,\u8221\'94 she said to Mandri. \u8220\'93Breathe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sipped a breath to compose himself, but this was impossible. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to play along,\u8221\'94 he said, knowing full well he was about to be enthralled. This fear was realized when Elrahet\u8217\'92s bony hand jutted out of her threads. Her fist was clenched around the handle of her accursed Black knife. She slashed the air in front of his cheek, and in one swift stroke, any errant threads which stuck him to the external world were severed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She swung again, and more threads were cut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His mind slumped deep into its seat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She swung again, and again, severing all threads save those connected to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s severed hand.}}