{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If he fainted, Seb would guess why. She would search his robes, and she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d find the burgeon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And there was Ayram, marching through it all. His loping legs roughed up this waving sea of white grass. His giant pack bristled with rigid white fibrous spines which bulged in time with his every breath.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was covered in these filaments as well, though his were not so stiff. They looked more like a web, for they stretched out towards everything and stuck to everything, his sister, mostly, but they also knotted up with the sand and rocks. So enmeshed was he in the world, that every time he lifted his foot, hungry threads stretched up from the ground and latched onto his boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was lifeless in comparison. What few magic threads she wore hung limply down against her, looking like spotty locks of mangy fur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was much cleaner, clothed in threads all brushed and groomed. Her Spark shimmered inside her stomach, a formless gray light, with edges glittering white, shifting into red, green, and blue. Thicker, more liquid lines stretched out of her Spark and traced a route towards Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, and Ayram\u8217\'92s, and Seb\u8217\'92s. All Sparks here were connected together in a mesh, with the varying thickness of connection measuring affection. Thickest of all was a bright white tether which connected Moteah\u8217\'92s nubby arm to the heel of the hand which squeezed Mandri\u8217\'92s own stomach.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There Mandri stared astonished, for he was not at all like the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could see his bones; gray and ghastly. All his organs were there too, each of them dark. Darkest of all were his lungs, for each breath suffused them with the blackest black. Yes, his lungs were two spreading wings of rot encased by ribs, with turgid streams of ink running out of them, down to his fingers and toes. His stomach, too, was a Black void.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He spared one last look for the sun to curse it, that necessary evil. He shaded his gaze with his hand, as if that would make his staring more sensible. An irate glance would have done the job, but he had to stare because that bright white sun was vibrating. Just as it seemed like it might burst, it lost its fixity, wobbled, then split into two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two equal suns sat right next to each other, curved edges kissing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun shuffled along without a care, because of course they would\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t licked the god-eye burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, this was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The god-eye sight was finally coming on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was enough to make him fully unprepared for the second sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s imminent implosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He blinked in shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shut his eyes tight against the blinding flash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he opened them again, the world was not the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The desert was still a desert, but rooted alongside rocks and stumpy trees were thin white wiggling filaments. These flighty fibers were mostly finger-to-arm in length, but long strands of it grew up into the sky, some up to the clouds, bending in the soaring wind. A sparse canopy of thread-like tentacles wiggled through a rainbow sheen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have Mandri try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed Mandri and lifted him up to his feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah,\u8221\'94 Ayram barked. \u8220\'93Make him kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 Elrahet encouraged. \u8220\'93Reach out with your arm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah set the stump of her wrist against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, as if she were reaching through his spine to reconnect her limb. Mandri could feel her fingers moving, squeezing his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His shoulders suddenly crimped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His heart thumped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An urge to scream swelled his chest and spread through every limb. A heat burned at the base of his throat. He opened his mouth towards the heavens. A searing fire shot through him, but not out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He collapsed in a twisted heap of pain. Through the agony, he heard someone shout, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know!\u8221\'94 Moteah answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri writhed around for a few fingers more, clutching his head. By the time he was back inside his own skin, only Ayram remained. The rest had resumed their journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better play along next time,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, frowning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can see it, can\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 Caught him staring Moteah\u8217\'92s fingers. Staring into his eyes see the reflection of the world on the lens. Twirl up and stretch the stick between her fingers. Noticed him noticing the strings. \u8220\'93Yessss. You can see it. How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sneering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what it is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All he could see was an organic line of corded muscle roped around what must have been a shoulder. It was almost human-like, that shoulder. Almost like a demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More than that, she was enmeshed in a complex web of threads, some of them reaching out to the corners of the world. A thread tied around her cowl stretched all the way up to a vulture wheeling overhead. Down below, a white thread tied to her ankle was looped around a small brown lizard which waddled behind her. Mandri could see that little lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark; yellow shifting into blue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At some point, Ayram told Seb to not venture so far ahead. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From here out, we stick together.\u8221\'94 Seb became prickly after that, more so than usual. Whenever her name was called, she\u8217\'92d respond with a despondent sneer.}}