{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Elrahet sat back on her heels and from her voluminous rags she pulled out a half-moon knife, pulled its sharp edge in-between her fingers, and then asked for a volunteer. She was looking at Gugi and Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you need?\u8221\'94 Gugi asked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy is dead, but his vessel remains intact. It needs a Spark. One of you must give it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet held Seb and then Gugi in her gaze. On each she lingered for a spell, holding them in turn so that she could project a sense of her confidence into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When neither of the two men stepped forward, Elrahet stressed the imperative word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  give. This is a command. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearing this, both Seb and Gugi knelt where they stood. They touched their foreheads to the earth in supplication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Gugi who spoke first. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take my Spark and release me from the struggle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb snuck a sidelong glance at his brother. Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were closed and he . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elhrahet stood and setpped over to Gugi. She knelt in front of him. She set her hand on the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will shepherd your Spark and I cherish willingness with which it was given. Now there\u8217\'92s not much time. Do we not have time, Moto?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto looked again through the lens. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are coming on quickly,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So they are,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. Then she quoted a proverb favored by the Ayramun. \u8220\'93Even the turning of the world conspires against us.\u8221\'94 She stroked the back of Gugi\u8217\'92s head. \u8220\'93I am afraid that we cannot stand on ceremony.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb lifted his head and watched as Elrahet peeled a sliver of selshi from the contents of the snarling bloodbowl. She brought the selshi to her mouth, whispered a prayer, then placed the selshi on her tongue and swallowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The was the f }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet closed her eyes, opened her palms to the sky, and sucked air into her chest in short, powerful sips - five of them. She held the wind in her lungs for a moment, then exhaled slowly through pursed lips. She repeated this breathing ritual five times, and at the end of it she had achieved the heightened state of Culrisar, defined as such by the Bloodwitch creed: Nothing but the body and the means to move it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb wondered how it worked. A long time ago he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had it explained to him. The I/Me/Mine which defined \u8216\'91Elrahet\u8217\'92 was gone, along with all thoughts and urges that obscure the present moment. This was necessary if one were to handle the Spark of the Divine. But it didn\u8217\'92t make sense to Seb. How could a Bloodwitch know what she was doing if she, herself, her desires, her sense of duty and the whole rolling ball of past events was dissolved away? If there is only present, wouldn\u8217\'92t she forget what she was doing? Wouldn\u8217\'92t she be incapable of carrying out a task such as this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It did not make sense. Yet there she was, gripping the hilt of the half-moon knife with serious intent, and when Seb looked into the her eyes he saw only himself reflected. He did not doubt that the Culrisar was real - there it was. The definitive proof could be seen in the way her fingers, lumpy knuckled and wrecked with uncontrolled trembling, gained calm and strength and precision. It was her right hand which gripped the knife, and swing it around in the air, hand trembling eliminated. In fact her whole posture was , back straight and . She was a different person. Possessed, perhaps. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe the witch had become a vessel for a ghost. Witches never talked about ghosts, but they talked about fleshy vessels all the time, and vessels are for holding things. Holding the Spark, yes, but what else? If the witch had left her own body, then who, or what, was moving it? It was a frightening thought, but it seemed to clarify the incongruity of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aged bones contorting about with such dexterity. And her face didn\u8217\'92t move. It did not frown or smile or grunt with the effort. She was like a minstrel\u8217\'92s marionette, limbs dancing as if weightless, face painted on. The thought Seb took from all this was that ghosts couldn\u8217\'92t control faces; if that was how it was, if there was ghost in Elrahet now, then ghosts couldn\u8217\'92t control faces. It was a bit . Made Seb proud. The little self-indulgence didn\u8217\'92t last long, for his focus was drawn to the sight of Elrahet setting the crest of the half-moon blade against the back of Gugi\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet spoke in a voice that was not her own. It was a younger woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, clear and fresh and brilliant. \u8220\'93Gugi Adeyongee,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Do not seek, for if your heart is kind you will be found.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Elrahet put her thumb on the flat back of the half-moon blade and pressed down. She pressed the metal down with care and let up as soon the blade cleaved the skin in two. She then angled the blade cross-wise to that first cut and pressed down again. There was hardly any blood, just a two thin red lines, an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91x\u8217\'92. It was so clean that it was as if she\u8217\'92d imprinted that crimson sigil on the surface of the skin with printing block instead of cutting the flesh open with a knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet took in a deep breath. When she exhaled she sucked in her stomach to push all the air out of lungs. As soon as she was sure that there was not a thimble of air within her, she bent over and put her lips to the wound she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d marked on Gugi\u8217\'92s neck. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she breathed in his spark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was quick, sharp inhale. Gugi gasped. His back spasmed and arched. His arms, his fingers, and his toes curled in towards his body as his muscles fought to keep the Spark\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s threads from being yanked out. Though no one could see it, his face was pulled into a grimace of utter astonishment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This struggle did not last long. As quick as the tension had come, it left. And so Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s prostrate form went limp and tipped over into the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A strange coldness washed over Seb. He knew that it was his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heat being extinguished. That warm aura that he only noticed when they were huddled together against the chill of night was gone. Elrahet had taken it, she\u8217\'92d breathed it into her lungs. Gugi\u8217\'92s spark was in her lungs. Seb could see its soft orange flame flickering under her skin. Her whole neck was glowing, glowing so bright that Seb could see slivers of her spine\u8217\'92s shadow in her throat. Her cheeks were awash with light. Her pupils were bright as the sun. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She took the two bloodbowls from beside the lizard and placed them next to the boy. Then she knelt down and pulled a thin needle-wing bone out from under her rags. She stabbed the tip of it down into the bloodbowl which held the sehsli, and in so doing filled the hollow bone with a measure of that blessed flesh. Then she used two fingers to pull the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw open, and she leaned close to his mouth, muttered a warding spell, then began to probe his throat with the sharp tip of the wing bone. Once she found the precise spot with which to inject the seslsi, she jabbed down, pierced the decaying tissue, and then blew hard on the back of the bone, so hard that the force of her wind expelled the blessed flesh from out of the bone and into the boy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}