{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man who expects too much sets out into the Sand alone. Unbeknown to him, a woman who expects too little sets out from the opposite direction. The two travelers happen to cross paths in the shifting middle of the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s empty portion. They are hundreds of leagues from any farm or road, hundreds of years from anyone ever setting foot in that spot of the world again. It\u8217\'92s an unlikely convergence in space and time, in the most inhospitable desert, yet the man who expects too much will doubt the significance. He actually expects to find a bit of strangeness out in the great sand sea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 after all, the desert is large but the world is small and full of chance encounters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looks at the woman who he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stumbled upon and all he can see is the fulfillment of expectation. That\u8217\'92s all it is to the man who expects too much. No need to invoke the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other traveler, the woman who expects too little, is stunned by the significance of the moment. She did not expect to see another person in a place where no one else should be. After all, this part of the Sand is large and full of nothing. For this to happen, for two sparks to meet in such a wasteland without planning it, well, it could not be a simple coincidence. She and he must have been brought together for a purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overwhelmed by this glimpse of the divine plan, she turns her eyes to the heavens and invokes the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story ends there. It is nine long lines in the original Old Jandri script, nine lines scratched into an old clay tablet the size of a washing board. Some say that the ending is missing, that there is another tablet hidden in a secret vault of some ancient city buried by time, waiting for providence to be revealed. Solitants preach that there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be another tablet, one which proves that the story is about Solraheen Himself. They say Solraheen is the man who expects too little. The woman is his bride. It is the story of their meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what do they know?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re freaks. Maybe that man was just a man and the woman was just a woman and that\u8217\'92s all there is to it. That\u8217\'92s what Seb Agreen believed. Actually, he went a little further. He believed that the man and woman never existed at all and that the story is a fable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tell anyone who\u8217\'92d listen to his liquored up sermons that this story, the raw events, they were not important. What was important was the lesson, and there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a lesson there in those nine lines, a lesson that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s made easier to see by asking a few simple questions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  What would have happened if the woman had journeyed into the desert and made it through safely without encountering a soul? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Absolutely nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And if nothing had happened, would she have glimpsed the divine plan? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Absolutely not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She would have trudged along the ridges of the ergs, her shoulder set against the wind, and she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have given a single thought to Solraheen except to pray for her safety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She never would have been overwhelmed by His mysteries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She never would have shed a tear at the wonder of chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She never would have turned her eyes to the heavens and laced His name with magnificence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And yet, Solraheen would have been there all the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92d be the lesson\u8221\'94, Seb would say. Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand is there and it is always there. It is there in the meeting, and it is there in the absence of it. It is there in the pain, and it is there in the pleasure. To be struck dumb by the sight of the His plan in one case and not the other is the same as to not see the plan at all. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Providence is always there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Almost always there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there are some exceptions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The key to seeing the plan is found by living in the present. The key to living in the present is found by getting rid of all expectations. Expectations turn the vividness of the present moment into an ignorable blur. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb liked put it a little more bluntly: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Expectations will get ya up the ass\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said it, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, none of this stopped him from having expectations himself. No one is perfect. Not even Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb once stumbled upon a bald, aching, stiff-jointed pilgrim who claimed that if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have righteous eyes then the next best thing to have is nothing at all. The pilgrim claimed to be able sit perfectly still and chant his mind into such a trance that his body required no food or water, nor even air, and more importantly, he said that his thoughts were free from expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb tried to induce this meditative state in himself, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it. He doubted the old pilgrim could either, at least not for any meaningful length of time. Sitting still and simply existing is what a rock does, and people aren\u8217\'92t rocks. People look at things, and when they look, they try to understand, and when they try to understand, the expectations inevitably come. But if that\u8217\'92s true, then how does one get to living in the present if expectations are inevitable?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb did not have a clean answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could always just die and be reunified with the All-White Spark, but he could only try that once. Until that day came, Seb figured that the best thing to do was to err on the side of the woman traveler and expect as little as possible. At least she had some appreciation for divine mysteries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb reasoned that having no expectations and expecting to not have anything were close enough to the same thing. They used a lot of the same words. Like if he took those words and put them in a bag and shook that bag around, then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no telling which idea he\u8217\'92d get out of it. Seb figured maybe life works that way. Maybe if he had an idea-enough-like-the-right-idea, then when life shook him up like it always did, he might pop on over to a more righteous kind of mind. Like how a shrimp is a lot like a fish, and if he put one on a hook and tossed it the water and waited for yank, then surprise, out pops a fish. There\u8217\'92s an Old Jandri quote that backed him up: \u8220\'93Put a lie on a hook and you\u8217\'92ll pull up a truth\u8221\'94. Maybe if he baited his hook with the crumb of an expectation, he\u8217\'92d pull up no expectations at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the meantime he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to wait. And he\u8217\'92d keep his expectations low while doing it. This was easy for him to do, because thirty years of living in a desert land that most languages call Emptiness makes it easy to keep expectations as low as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like clouds. Seb did not expect to see clouds. This close to the coast one might have expected to see a bit of moisture pluming the sky but Seb knew better. He knew how the Hias mountains shadowed the Junei hills from rain, how the Utzal wind was too weak to carry water up and over those peaks. It was strange because the Hias were hardly mountains at all. The Burgos mountains, those were mountains, fully grown mountains with bald heads and stern granite faces looking down at you. The Hias were nothing but big mounds of dirt pimpled with boulders. Chins tufted with thornscrub. It seemed like even the weakest watering wind should be able to make it up and over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The winds used to be able to do it, in some ancient age. The evidence was there in the foothills. If you got up into the ridges of the Hias and looked north towards the Junei Plain you could see the lighter orange clay of long-dried washes snaking through the red foothills for as far as there are foothills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, when you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re down in those foothills you don\u8217\'92t notice them. Down there you only see sun baked clay and that clay is so hard that you can\u8217\'92t imagine it had ever seen rain. One night, Seb spit on the ground and when he woke, five whole hands later, that glob of spit was still there. Ground was so hard his spit couldn\u8217\'92t seep into it. Some of that might have to do with the fact that Seb\u8217\'92s spit was thick and sticky from all the borcandi spines he chewed, but still, it proved the point. It was like the ground had been dry for so long that it didn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to get wet. Like that story of the lonesome spearman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been at war for so long that when he returned home to the kindness of his wife he killed her. Just couldn\u8217\'92t deal with a good lovin\u8217\'92. The Hias hills were like that. A lot of the Sand was like that. Hateful. Nothing lived in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Absolutely nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were lizards, but lizards were everywhere so they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count. Piss on a rock, any rock, and some little lizard will scuttle out from nowhere to sip the urine. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Birds don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count either because they\u8217\'92re just passing through. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could find beetles if you ripped the waxy bark off bamber trees. Sometimes you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to bore into the tree\u8217\'92s stringy, yellow core to find them. But green crust beetles don\u8217\'92t count as \u8216\'91something\u8217\'92. The problem with them is their shells guard a smell that makes the stomach curl, and you can\u8217\'92t boil or steam the smell out, so they aren\u8217\'92t good eating, and as far as Seb was concerned, if it\u8217\'92s not good eating it might as well not exist. The only things worth paying any mind are things that can keep you alive and the things that can kill you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything else is nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s men out in the Sand, but men are boring. There\u8217\'92s women, but that\u8217\'92s all Seb would say about them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they\u8217\'92re out there. There were other things too, but mostly there was nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what Seb saw as he stood atop one of the Hias foothills and looked out over the red and empty Junei plain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he saw nothing. There wasn\u8217\'92t even a horizon for it was lost in the shimmer of a mirage, the kind that looks like water only its not. A mirage was the perfect metaphor for how Seb viewed the Sand, because it looks like something, but really it\u8217\'92s nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lots and lots of nothing.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, Seb! There's somethin \u8216\'91ere!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears pricked at the words. The shout had come from a nearby ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quick and spry as a lizard zipped up on freeweed, Seb scrambled over to the lip of that ravine and leered down into its deep belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of his fellow Ayramun was standing there in the middle of it. All the Ayramun were swaddled from head to toe in brown or black wool dusted red by clay, but Seb knew it was Gugi down there because of the way he stood. Only Seb and Gugi stood with that twitchy restlessness that marks out a Jandri man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not stopped chewing the spines of borcandi leaves since the day they were weened off the tit. And Gugi was also a little taller than most. A little lankier. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi stuck his skinny arm up in the air and waved it towards Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb sneered at the eagerness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put your goddamned hand down,\u8221\'94 Seb shouted. \u8220\'93I can see you just fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then get your ass down here!\u8221\'94 Gugi shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb harrumphed and then started his climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As far as ravines go it seemed as full of nothing as any other ravine. It was a little steeper than most, and it was dry and dusty so Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet couldn\u8217\'92t find purchase on the slope. He was forced into a clumsy half-scramble-half-slide to get down the bottom, which was about twenty yards down. Once there he took a moment to shake the out dirt that had fallen into his left boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The unexpected thing about this ravine was how even and straight it was. Almost like a road. It went straight as an arrow for a full fifty yards before getting lost around a bend. This run was speckled with the dried out husks of karkle bushes. They looked like big black cancerous growths. Gugi was standing in front of one of them, looking a little spooked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb took his time ambling on over. He fingered a fresh borcandi spine out of his sleeve pocket as he went. He knew there wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be anything worth noticing because Gugi had a penchant for pointing out any old thing that caught his interest. Maybe there\u8217\'92d be a pricked-up drag-belly hissing inside that bush, but fat little lizards doing four-legged push-ups and flashing their ruddy throats weren\u8217\'92t worth shouting about. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were to be expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Part of the ignorable blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi urged him on with an impatient flap of his hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t gonna run in this heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi shook his head and mumbled something Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pipe down, sun\u8217\'92s sake, I\u8217\'92m comin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb eyed the karkle bush. There was definitely something hidden underneath its twiggy branches. A lumpy shape of something shadowed. A creature of some sort. Big, dark, unmoving, and apparently unconcerned with how Gugi was brushing the karkle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s branches aside to get a better look. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Seb asked as he stepped next to Gugi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See for youself,\u8221\'94 Gugi said as he parted the bush\u8217\'92s brambles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb peered down into the bush\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. His jaw went slack in surprise, and his barely-chewed borcandi spine slipped from his lip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a goddamned dead body underneath that bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94, Gugi said. \u8220\'93Ya know, this the first bush I looked under.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep. It\u8217\'92s the first bush I looked under. I was like, this bush is in the perfect position, halfway-up, halfway-down, bet it will be the best spot to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sayin\u8217\'92 this is the first bush you looked under?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes weren\u8217\'92t lying. It was the first bush he\u8217\'92d looked under. There were at least forty other bushes in that dusty ravine, and the first one Gugi looks under has got a dead body in it. A quick glance around told Seb it was the probably the only one that had a dead body in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was really something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A strange coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A divine sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin prickled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pulled another spine out his sleeve, popped it in his mouth, and resumed his chewing with zeal. Spines helped him think. They helped him find the reasonable conclusions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This could be a prank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He eyed Gugi with suspicion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi was a prankster, had a prankster\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin, a long crooked nose, restless eyes, bad skin, mostly it was in the way he chewed his spines, open-mouthed, provocative, and sorta sigh-smiling. It was nasty, the way he chewed, because the man\u8217\'92s teeth were rubbed down to black and yellow nubs. Seb\u8217\'92s teeth were like that too, but he had the good sense to keep his mouth shut. Even when he talked, his lips worked hard to make sure his teeth weren\u8217\'92t showing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t no blood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked down, and yep, the weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t no blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi started playing a game of point-and-see, like he was want to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got an arm,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93A white tunic of somewhat. Skin don\u8217\'92t look too dried out none. Skinny, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb squatted down to get away from Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inane observations. He peered under the low brim of the karkle\u8217\'92s branches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotta be a man,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We sure he\u8217\'92s dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not nappin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi squatted down next to Seb. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me get him out,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you put this body here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi. I\u8217\'92m only gonna ask one more time. Did you put this dead body here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was hard to tell from Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face whether or not he had anything to do with it. The man was so well practiced in . Only Gugi\u8217\'92s eyes gave things away, and only then, it was only sometimes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92d kidnap some random bit, haul his ass all the way out here, then kill him and stuff him up under this bush, just to stir you up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t telling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes, if Seb paused and stared hard at Gugi, the guilt would get to him, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d give it up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do shit! Damn. I found it here like I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who put it here?\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93The body is fresh as a baby\u8217\'92s bum. You think he just crawled up under here all by himself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be. He\u8217\'92s prolly some pilgrim that was headed for the pass. Crawled up under here to seek shade and forgot to wake up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s what happened, it\u8217\'92s even worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it means a god put him here. Or a demon. It\u8217\'92s providence, one way or the other. Could be curse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t no curse. It\u8217\'92s just a dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as \u8216\'91just a dead body\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well fine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it\u8217\'92s a curse, then let\u8217\'92s move this curse somewhere else. I aim to use this bush. It\u8217\'92s the perfect spot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe his ears. \u8220\'93You gonna hide in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  bush?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94, he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am,\u8221\'94 said Gugi, without a hint of trepidation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gonna hide in the one bush that\u8217\'92s got a dead body in it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There won\u8217\'92t be no dead body when we move it. That\u8217\'92s why I need your help. Damn.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Have you lost your water? This the clearest shout of a cursed bush I ever heard. And more in point of fact, Ayram ought to hear about this. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Cause if this is the place where\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, don't worry Ayram \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bout this shit. Just help me move the damn thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi, how do you not see what\u8217\'92s goin\u8217\'92 on here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab his foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi, listen to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do not hide in a bush that got\u8217\'92s a dead body in it. This is Solraheen tellin\u8217\'92 you that if you hide in this bush, then you\u8217\'92re gonna die!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab his foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I grab one, you grab the other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi reached down and took a firm grip of the dead left ankle. He stared at Seb and shook it around to show Seb just how tightly he was holding on without getting struck down by some maleficent bolt. The foot was pretty stiff on the ankle. The body hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been dead too long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now grab the other foot," Gugi said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay then, Seb, what do you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to tell Ayram about it. He oughtta hear about this.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then help me carry him to Ayram. I\u8217\'92ll give you twenty spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The furrow in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow softened. \u8220\'93Twenty?\u8221\'94, he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twenty was a lot of spines, a couple weeks worth, and there was no telling when they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be back in the putty hills where he could pick another fill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about it?\u8221\'94 Gugi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb bent down to do his part, but Gugi brushed him away, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make it forty spines if you carry it yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ain\u8217\'92t got forty spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll give you twenty spines, and my God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me twenty spines, and you tell me where you get your God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chance. It\u8217\'92s twenty and the burgeons, and you carry this bit all the way to Ayram. Besides, it's a limp body. It's easier if just one of us carries him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how\u8217\'92d you come to figure that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a limp body. Throwin\u8217\'92 it over the shoulders is easier than one man gets the legs, one man gets the arms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s easier for one person, then what you call me over for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I don\u8217\'92t wanna carry it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow tightend up again, and he asked, \u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi smiled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it\u8217\'92s cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was why no one liked Gugi\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was never upfront about the way things were. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d betray anyone he could, if anyone ever thought to trust him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You thought you could get me to take up this cursed body for a measly twenty spines and some God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted into that annoying, presumptuous grin. Seb wanted nothing more than to use that grin to break some of Ayram\u8217\'92s rules, but he thought better of it. Violence wasn\u8217\'92t the best thing to do here. He had to take the grand scheme of things into account.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a cursed body under a bush, where no cursed body should be. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe he was looking at this all wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe that body wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cursed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had stop his and remember that Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand is there in the pain, and it\u8217\'92s there in the pleasure. One way of looking at that is to say that a curse could be a blessing, and a blessing could be a curse. There\u8217\'92s no way of knowing which is which until it plays out. It\u8217\'92s expectations that get in the way. If he looked at all this with no expectations, and abstracted out the deadness of the body and the strangeness of the circumstance, then no doubt he would take the deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons for a little bit of toil? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The best thing to do was to take the deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said to Gugi, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not wrong, but dammit, you know I\u8217\'92m gonna kill you someday.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you say, Seb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before I do anythin\u8217\'92, you\u8217\'92re gonna gimme them burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll give you the spines now, and the burgeons later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons now, spines later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi clicked his tongue in annoyance, then pulled out a leather pouch from his robe and tossed it to Seb. Seb caught it, checked it, pocketed it, and then he crouched down, reached under the karkle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twigs, grabbed both dead ankles, and pulled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dead man slid right out. Body was half as heavy as Seb thought it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s young,\u8221\'94 said Gugi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks soft,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy was as skinny as a kid half his age, and he was clothed in nothing but a ragged white tunic smeared with dust and clay. Judging by the skin, the whites of the eyes, the stiff limbs, it really did seem like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only died that morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb grabbed the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right arm and pulled it up and over his shoulder, and the rest of the body came with it. Seb settled the weight on his shoulders, like he\u8217\'92d do for a poached lizard, and before he left, he hocked up a huge wad of spit, and a spat it at Gugi\u8217\'92s feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stick around for Gugi\u8217\'92s mocking laugh. He headed south down the ravine, towards the Junei pass, towards the cliff where Ayram and his nearest were planning out the ambush that would end all ambushes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}