{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Providence}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Crueltence}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Need to have seb\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s bad eyesight made fun of.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Make Seb more skeptical of everything thats going on the previous chapter.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The problem of identity:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In china they are just chinese, and people around them are also chinese, so everyone identifies as chinese without thought. Identify yourself as ethnically chinese, or else you are immoral, or a traitor. However, for other ethnic chinese, it only represent the nationality. If foreign chinese says they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not chinese, then you refuse that warmth, and you\u8217\'92re an asshole who forgot their roots. If you have chinese blood you have to consider yourself as chinese, and if you don\u8217\'92t you\u8217\'92re a traitor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 SHIS! DEMON!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 for as the Bound Book says:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 An empty well is also filled with purpose,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 An arrow in the dirt has also hit its mark,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 He weaves all mysteries just below the surface,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 If one had but righteous eyes to pierce the dark.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  His words were a little lost in between the squelches.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Make Elrahet CRAZY - she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s been here forever.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - I hate questions. The amount effort it takes to ask a question is nothing compared the effort to answer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seb, your personality is like a weed. Every time I pull it out, it grows right back. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 this is for Pell!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not worth noticing strange coincidences because everything that happens is strange. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He gestured to the sloped walls of the ravine. If a rock was big enough, or a divot in the earth deep enough, a fellow bandit was already settling in. Most were lying down up top, above the ravine's lip. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t squat down and do a part, I\u8217\'92m gonna start breakin rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Someone\u8217\'92s getting in this bush. There\u8217\'92s no time to be scrying and softing about what is and isn\u8217\'92t cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want you to get in trouble. See, I\u8217\'92m gonna hike all the way back to Ayram, alone, and he\u8217\'92s gonna ask me what I\u8217\'92m doin there tellin him about a dead body instead of showin it to him. And I don\u8217\'92t want to blame you for not helping, but that\u8217\'92s the truth. And then he\u8217\'92s gonna make an example out of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}