{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red213\green219\blue206;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Writing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - conflict}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - meaning / semantics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - immediacy / presence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - texture / flow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Parataxis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - tell me, how are you?}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The underlying idea is that in a connected discourse, complete independence among the consecutive sentences is very rare. This observation is captured in the expression "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Train_of_thought"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 train of thought}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parataxis#cite_note-morris-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Consider the following:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 The sun was shining brightly. We went for a walk.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 The sun was shining brightly; we went for a walk.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 The sun was shining brightly, and we went for a walk.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 The sun was shining brightly, so we went for a walk.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In the first example, the two sentences are independent expressions, while in the last example they are dependent. However, the connection of thought in the first examples is just as real as in the last ones, where it is explicitly expressed via the syntax of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subordination_(linguistics)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 subordination}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoken_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 spoken language}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , this continuance from sentence to sentence is supported by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intonation_(linguistics)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 intonation}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and timing (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhythm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 rhythm}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pausa"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 pause}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). While details may differ among different languages and cultures, generally similar musicality and shortness of pauses indicate the continuation, while the change of tone and longer pause generally indicate the transition to another connected group of ideas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In storytelling, storytellers utilize paratactic or syntactic styles. Parataxis is common among oral storytellers. When telling a story orally, there are many inconsistencies because of the lack of a written-down, word-for-word, multiply-checked draft. However, audiences do not set out to compare the stories word for word and are only interested in the main points of the story.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parataxis#cite_note-:1-7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 7]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Parataxis roughly translates to "arranging side by side", while hypotaxis translates to "arranging under". Parataxis omits subordinating conjunctions while hypotaxis utilizes them such as the terms "when", "although", and "after". Parataxis juxtaposes ideas and thoughts, while hypotaxis subordinates ideas to one another and can show both juxtaposition and transition. Because of this, hypotaxis can show relationships of cause and effect, chronology, and comparison}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Hypotaxis}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is the grammatical arrangement of functionally similar but "unequal" constructs (from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Greek"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Greek}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 hypo-}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~"beneath", and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 taxis}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~"arrangement"); certain constructs have more importance than others inside a sentence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A common example of syntactic expression of hypotaxis is the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subordination_(linguistics)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 subordination}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of one syntactic unit to another in a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complex_sentence"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 complex sentence}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypotaxis#cite_note-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Another example is observed in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premodification"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 premodification}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . In the phrase "inexpensive composite materials", "composite" modifies "materials" while "inexpensive" modifies the complex\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Head_(linguistics)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 head}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~"composite materials", rather than "composite" or "materials". In this example the phrase units are hierarchically structured, rather than being on the same level, as compared to the example "Cockroaches love warm, damp, dark places." Note the syntactic difference; hypotactic modifiers cannot be separated by a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 comma}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Anagnorisis}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:IPA/English"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 /{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u716\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 n}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u601\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u609\'67}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u712\'27}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 n}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u594\'3Fr}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u618\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 s}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u618\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 s}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 /}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Greek_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Ancient Greek}}{\f0\fs24\b0 :\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u7936\'3F\u957\'3F\u945\'61\u947\'3F\u957\'3F\u974\'3F\u961\'3F\u953\'3F\u963\'73\u953\'3F\u962\'3F) is a moment in a play or other work when a character makes a critical discovery. Anagnorisis originally meant\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recall_(memory)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 recognition}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in its Greek context, not only of a person but also of what that person stood for. Anagnorisis was the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hero"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 hero}}{\f0\fs24\b0 's sudden awareness of a real situation, the realisation of things as they stood, and finally, the hero's insight into a relationship with an often\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antagonist"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 antagonistic}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fictional_character"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 character}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aristotle"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Aristotelian}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 tragedy}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Lear, driven out by his older daughters and rescued by his youngest, realizes their true characters.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The earliest use of anagnorisis in a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_fiction"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 murder mystery}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was in "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Three_Apples"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 The Three Apples}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ", a classical\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Thousand_and_One_Nights"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Arabian Nights}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~tale, where the device is employed to great effect in its\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twist_ending"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 twist ending}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anagnorisis#cite_note-4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 4]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The protagonist of the story,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ja%27far_ibn_Yahya"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Ja'far ibn Yahya}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , is ordered by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harun_al-Rashid"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Harun al-Rashid}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to find the culprit behind a murder mystery within three days or else be executed. It is only after the deadline has passed, and as he prepares to be executed, that he discovers that the culprit was his own slave all along}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amplification_(rhetoric)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Amplification (rhetoric)}}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Amplification refers to a literary practice wherein the writer embellishes the sentence by adding more information to it in order to increase its worth and understanding.}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 E.g., Original sentence: The thesis paper was difficult. After amplification: The thesis paper was difficult: it required extensive research, data collection, sample surveys, interviews and a lot of fieldwork.}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asyndeton"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Asyndeton}}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 When sentences do not use conjunctions (e.g., and, or, nor) to separate clauses, but run clauses into one another, usually marking the separation of clauses with punctuation.}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 An example is when\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_F._Kennedy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 John F. Kennedy}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~said on January 20, 1961 "...that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty."}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bathos"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Bathos}}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 An abrupt transition in style from the exalted to the commonplace, producing a ludicrous effect. While often unintended, bathos may be used deliberately to produce a humorous effect.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_narrative_techniques#cite_note-7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 7]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_narrative_techniques#cite_note-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 The ballerina rose gracefully en pointe and extended one slender leg behind her, like a dog at a fire hydrant.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_narrative_techniques#cite_note-9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 9]}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Dramatic visualization}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Representing an object or character with abundant descriptive detail, or mimetically rendering gestures and dialogue to make a scene more visual or imaginatively present to an audience.}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 This technique appears at least as far back as the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Thousand_and_One_Nights"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Arabian Nights}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_narrative_techniques#cite_note-11"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 11]}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard

\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euphuism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Euphuism}}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 An artificial, highly elaborate way of writing or speaking. Named from\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Euphues}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(1579) the prose romance by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Lyly"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 John Lyly}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 "Is it not far better to abhor sins by the remembrance of others' faults, than by repentance of thine own follies?" (from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euphues"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Euphues}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , 1, lecture by the wise Neapolitan)}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leitwortstil"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Leitwortstil}}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Purposefully repeating words that usually express a motif or\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theme_(literature)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 theme}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~important to the story.}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 This dates back at least to the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Thousand_and_One_Nights"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Arabian Nights}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_narrative_techniques#cite_note-Heath-360-13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metonymy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Metonymy}}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Word or phrase in a figure of speech in which a noun is referenced by something closely associated with it, rather than explicitly by the noun itself. This is not to be confused with\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synecdoche"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 synecdoche}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , in which a part of the whole stands for the thing itself.}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Metonomy: The boxer threw in the towel. Synecdoche: She gave her hand in marriage.}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Onomatopoeia"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Onomatopoeia}}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Words that imitate/spell a sound or noise.}
\par\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\sa180\sb180\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Word that sounds the same as, or similar to what the word means.}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 "Boom goes the dynamite." "Bang!" "Bark." (comic books)}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polysyndeton"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Polysyndeton}}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 Polysyndeton is the use of several conjunctions in close succession, this provides a sense of exaggeration designed to wear down the audience.}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 An example of this is in the first chapter of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Expectations"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 Great Expectations}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Dickens"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 Charles Dickens}}{\f0\fs24\b0 : "A man who had been soaked in water, and smothered in mud, and lamed by stones, and cut by flints, and stung by nettles, and torn by briars; who limped, and shivered, and glared and growled; and whose teeth chattered in his head as he seized me by the chin"}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx25920
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch }