{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Elrahet was the new pacesetter, and so their slow march into the evening was a welcome relief to Mandrameen. The canyon shadows grew black and the brilliant blue of the sky overhead dimmed into purpler hues. It was near the golden hour when the path led up a steep rise and emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau. Behind them was the bewildering maze of canyon cracks that stretched out for miles before fading into the dark rift of the Pass. In front of them was a structure that blurred the line between the work of Nature and the work of humanity, for at once it was both a building and a mountain, at once a fat, flat-topped spire of stone and a temple whose walls were embossed with geometric patterns composed of simple shapes; circles, diamonds, squares, and triangles, and these shapes came together to roughly resemble faces. Animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval the size of four-floor building demarcated the edges of a fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gape, and the nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a crow, and the beak of the crow was the nose of a snarling demon. These designs wrapped around the lower floors, though these were still high up, for the temple sat on top of a sloping hill of rock rubble, rubble laid down by both the right and left despoiling hands: time and humanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was Shulgi, the sanctuary of the Greskalun, and Mandri had never seen its like in a painting. All the monumental wonders of humanity get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights Shulgi should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of the outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered can only heighten the glory of the Hrkan conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the crown of crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s even after accounting for the effects of the bewitching evening sun whose amber rays made the structure seem to burst in flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Hrkan Lords did not know of it. If they did, they would have swept away the Greskalun a long time ago, and if they learned of it now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a much easier time of it because the building was an empty husk. Above the graven faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall were rows of mullioned arch windows, each as black and empty of candlelight as the last. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a female. But the air was silent save for the whistling wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto jogged past Mandri to take up his rightful place at the head of the Ayramless column. Then he led them all up the well-trodden slope to the foot of a long flight of stairs that led to the temple entrance. And these were troublesome stairs, steep, at least a hundred of them, and every step had to be dealt with on its own terms, for every step had it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own unique slump from the wear of ages. They looked more like layers of melted wax than stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Three steps up and Mandri noticed a dark stain climbing up the stairs with him as he went. He supposed that up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be a number of other substances. Perfumant wine. Red berry brine. Ink. It could be slurried excrement; a temple that large had to have drainage somewhere. Odd that they\u8217\'92d have it running out the front door. It could also be blood. Out of these possible explanations, blood had the most explanatory power. It explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under skin. It explained why he felt fear when he looked up at the black, yawning mouth that was Shulgi\u8217\'92s entrance, an entrance true to all senses of the word. It was sculpted, using the language of clean geometric, into the stylized head of a viper. When Mandri that this dark stain of his fascination was staining the viper\u8217\'92s gums.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stopped before entering. He drew his sword as if he were about to do battle with the building itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93Everyone turn back around\u8230\'85 We\u8217\'92ll wait for Ayram somewhere else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scoffed at the suggestion, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going back down,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I climbed up these steps and I\u8217\'92ll be damned if I don\u8217\'92t stick my head in and see what\u8217\'92s happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly. \u8220\'93Ayram said that we should only wait inside the temple if it was empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was a step ahead of her, already striking sparks of flint onto a bundle of torch sticks that Purl was holding. The dried resin caught flame quickly, and soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of black smoke swirling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto yanked the torch out of Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram put me in charge,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet bowed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then take charge of your wits and march yourself inside.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stared down elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, \u8220\'93you can run away and explain to Ayram why you left his witch all alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. But if I want to I\u8217\'92m going }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And he thrust the torch into the temple interior. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon he did, a swarm of bats screeched in the darkness and took flight. Their wingbeats battered the torchsmoke as they swirled out of the viper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth, and flew over everyone\u8217\'92s heads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you it wasn\u8217\'92t empty,\u8221\'94 Moto said as he watched the bats swerve along the temple wall and then disappear back into some unseen hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet snarled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you a little big to be scared of a few bats?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more than bats in there and you know it,\u8221\'94 Moto declared. \u8220\'93It smells too foul to be empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 said Purl. \u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you would know,\u8221\'94 said Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto held his torch aloft and stepped into the temple. Everyone filtered in behind. Mandri was last to enter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a barge, and thrice as long as wide. The torchlight could only tease the distant darkness. In the middle of this dimness, dugout of the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit that filled almost to the brim with white ash. Wind and time had swept some of this ash around the room, trails of it . Frost., painting especially a cross-legged figure sitting on the opposite side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto waved his torch back and forth. He shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello there,\u8221\'94 but his words echoed harmlessly around the room. The figure, robed in green, was sitting cross-legged, slumped, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible flesh was a bald head, almost as pale as Obo\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably dead,\u8221\'94 marked Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you think so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I have the torch, please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto handed the torch to Elrahet, and she walked towards the mysterious figure, but stopped suddenly when she heard the crunch of bone under her shoe. She stepped aside, to reveal the crushed spine of a small creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He must\u8217\'92ve been eating mice,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or the bats,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that Mandri knew they were there, he was noticing the scattered remains of small creatures all over the place. Thin bones of lizard legs, bats, foxes, mice, even the shells of beetles. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet broke the stunned silence when she waddled up to that figure by the pile of ash and poked him hard with her staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man fell onto his side, the thudding impact kicking up a puff of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is indeed dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared. \u8220\'93And he is a man, but only just.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She bent down and rubbed the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe in between her fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93This is the raiment of Greskal\u8217\'92s prince. Is that what we have here, do you think? Is this young Greskaleen, or a scrounger with a stolen robe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inquisitive demeanor gave Mandri the courage to carry himself into the room. His feet were glad to be on smooth, flat stone, and he was glad to be \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a distinction that he forgot existed after spending so long wandering in the wilderness. So what if there were bats and a dead body? Bats were fine, and dead was dead. Aside from the Ayramun, Mandri thought he had nothing worry about. And despite the unnerving sound of little animal bones crunching under his feet, a strange calm washed over him. but then he noticed, out of the corner of his eye, a faint glimmer. There at the back of the entrance hall, shining faintly in the torch\u8217\'92s dancing light, was an enormous golden statue of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As far as statues of the Most Favored go, this one was a common Old Jandri design, called the closet style, where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling. His golden skin is smooth and his body featureless. His face is round, alive, and enlightened. His pose is rigid as a board, as if someone who had never sat before had the act described to them and they made this image. The Hrks would later give Solraheen the muscles of a hero and the natural bearing of a Hrkan Lord being crowned, but Mandri preferred this older style. It was less tied to . More primitive. And it was huge, at least twenty feet tall. Where most closet Solraheens were inset into a wall or ensconced within a wooden, this Solraheen sat out in the open, and his seat was a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a beautiful sight. No doubt the source of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s newfound serenity. Though none of it glittered as brightly as Mandrameen might have expected. A thin layer of dust dulled its luster, and some of that fire-lorn ash had speckled His cheek. While all that was a shame, it could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to him . What could not be forgiven was the fact that, instead of a clean and warm amber glow, Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden skin shone was darkly mottled. Tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri winced at the iniquity. Pure gold cannot tarnish. This meant that the Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals. No wonder Solraheen did not deliver them from their suffering. And worse: standing by Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left foot were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine. Now, he could not say for certain what this urine was for, but there was a narrative proximity here which couldn\u8217\'92t be ignored. Surely\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 surely the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller statue,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 croaked Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pointed to the statue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s tarnished,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s sacrilegious\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hornswoggle. The good Lord doesn\u8217\'92t care about gold. Well, he does, but not in the way in which you think. What He really cares about is this man here,\u8221\'94 she poked the dead man again with her cane, \u8220\'93And that poor thing there.\u8221\'94 She pointed with the torch to a dark lump sitting not ten feet away from Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the Ayramun looked on in earnest at whatever it was Elrahet was pointing at. Purl was the first to realize what it was and gasped. Mandri was the second. Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shock helped him to realize that the protuberance on top of this shadowy lump was an ear. The rest was a mop of dark hair and the back of a neck, albeit a shredded one, with a few links of its vertebral column still attached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazyd was right,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93Though it wasn\u8217\'92t pure hunger which urged this tasting of flesh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri . He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying that this green robe guy }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that other guy over there?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was his final meal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This place is cursed,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cursed!?\u8221\'94 exclaimed Elrahet. \u8220\'93Nonsense. This man was one of Solraheen\u8217\'92s champions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be so quick to judge those touched by the darkness. There is no greater struggle. He was braver than any of you. He fought against the rising tide and cut out his own stomach before it took him completely. See here\u8230\'85 he was growing horns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin upright with the tip of her cane, and sure enough, there were two fleshy nubs protruding from his forehead. His jaw lolled open, and a too-long tongue unfurled onto the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he had lost his battle, this world\u8217\'92s woes would be magnified by a hundred thousand thousand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She held the torch low to the ground, and there, half buried in ash, was a round stomach still full with that final meal. The man had cut it out at the neck and then tossed it into the fire like a lure, dragging with it the intestines behind, though they were still partially attached to the abdominal wall. The stomach was black, nearly as black as fabled black, and while that might be expected for flesh cooking in flames, it seemed to Mandri that it was black for other reasons. If the torchlight was truthful, the stomach was still wet and still subtly contracting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet reached down with her blade? and cut the stomach open without effort. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Divination is a professionalized art of which Mandri knew very little. He knew that the stomach was the seat of the Spark, and that the organ is subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance; there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the stomach\u8217\'92s stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there are the patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the meaning of current events, but predict the future. That was all that Mandri knew. It was not a functional knowledge. He did not expect, when Elrahet cut into that black stomach, that he would understand anything about what was going on. But when that stomach snapped open, the stomach itself let loose a demonic scream. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oooookay,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not waiting in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet was not listening. Her blade was sorting through the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s contents, and her sullen face was fraught with worry. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you people not hear me? I said we\u8217\'92re leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t have to tell me twice,\u8221\'94 and then he scuttled out the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently I do,\u8221\'94 Moto said derisively. Then he looked at everyone else who hadn\u8217\'92t budged, and his ire settled on Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93Please just do what I tell you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet snapped and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go look for Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sank. He looked despondently up at the ceiling, and tried to rub the frustration out of his forehead. Then he clapped his hands, and said, \u8220\'93Alright. Alllllright. But if a demon falls down from the ceiling and starts making your insides be outsides, don\u8217\'92t complain to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   He threw his pack down, pulled from it a rock crystal spyglass and hurried out into the oncoming night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet shouted after him like a worried mother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t stray too far!\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And like every son with his own ideas, Moto ignored her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was too fascinated by the stomach to leave. He watched Elrahet fiddle with the black stomach the site filled him with such . Something bubbled up out of the inky muck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pointed and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that\u8230\'85 Is that a\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 was Elrahet\u8217\'92s reply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri decided then and there that the study of entrails was not for him. He set his Obo-stuffed pack against the wall, and joined the others outside on the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s doorstep. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The evening breeze was a revelation. It told of just how foul the air in that hall really was. Mandri took a deep breath of it, hoping to clear the taint of that vile stomach from his senses. He could still smell it. He could still see it in his mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye, and now that he was thinking about it, he could hear that absurd scream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   He grimaced. He thought of prettier things. The sun was now a bright pink line in the west and that pinkness washed over a smattering of faint stars who were just beginning to twinkle. The fractured face of the plateau did an admirable job of mirroring the sky, dimly, and grounding the scene. The charm of a sunset is in the grounding of it. Paint a sunset sky without a horizon and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a splash of color. A beautiful sunset is always grounded against the glimmering blackness of the earth or ocean. The grounding is what makes a sunset loud, loud in the way a beautiful woman is loud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All this would have been enough to drag Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts away from that black and belching stomach, but Seb was sitting at the head of Shulgi\u8217\'92s stairway, sitting on top of his pack with that dead Riga child still bundled to it, and the man was slurping and chewing his borcandi spines with an unusual ferocity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many of those spines do you have?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked him. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been chewing them nonstop since I met you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb puckered his lips and sent a wad of spit flying down the stairs. He watched it until it disappeared, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I chew \u8216\'91em till there ain\u8217\'92t nothin\u8217\'92 left. A single spine goes a day. Seven a week. Got a hundred and two left.\u8221\'94 He gave his pack a few hearty slaps and the Riga\u8217\'92s head juddered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked for Moto and found him up above Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance arch, sitting sideways in the circle of the viper\u8217\'92s eye. His left leg dangled down, his right arm held on to the rock, and his left hand affixed the spyglass to his vigilant, squinting eye as he watched out for Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrks were easy enough to find. Their orange torchlight illuminated small sections of distant cracks in the plateau. There were two groups of them, one further back, seemingly stuck and not moving, and one maybe halfway out, wandering in the wrong direction. Outside of these two blooms of light, the canyon curves were many times blacker than the night that was creeping in. Trying to find Ayram in them would, no doubt, be a hopeless endeavor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly is Ayram doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spat again. He always spat before he spoke, like he had to lubricate his lips in order to say anything. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Layin\u8217\'92 a false trail,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93Helpin\u8217\'92 the Hrks get turned around in them canyons should be easy to do, \u8216\'91specially at night. Lots o\u8217\'92 places to get lost. Ya know they don\u8217\'92t call it the Shattered Plateau for nothin\u8217\'92. Its got doublin\u8217\'92 back places, sideways places, and whatnot. Hard to just keep goin\u8217\'92 straight, ya know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d have to have the eyes of a bat to find Ayram in those canyons.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto sneered down at him and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb grunted in surprise and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was quick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri spun around, expecting to see Ayram charging up the steps, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Mandri scanned up and down all the cracks that weren\u8217\'92t so obscured by canyon curves, but saw nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s so god-damned fast,\u8221\'94 said Seb as he rolled his disbelief, jealousy, and admiration into a sigh. This was, Mandri supposed, the closest Seb could come to actually feeling something resembling respect. It made Mandri want to find Ayram all the more. He\u8217\'92d never seen a giant sprinting. Ayram doing anything was a physical feat,  and so Mandri primed his eyes for movement in the chasm shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, he saw nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I didn't know better, I'd say that he's spooked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb twisted around and said to Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say you know better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's Ayram. The man doesn't get spooked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, eager to be included, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see him. Where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb pretended to wonder if Mandri was blind, then pointed out at the shattered plateau, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  there.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reason Mandri hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen Ayram is because Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t weaving his way through the dark canyons, he was out on top of the plateau, looking a bit like a flea on the back of a scaled lizard hide. He was sprinting towards the temple, leaping across the canyon gaps as he went. Some of these gaps were larger than Mandri thought was possible to traverse, but as Ayram jumped, he stabbed the ground with spud bar and practically threw himself across. The speed and power was incredible, even viewed so far away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The voice was Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. He\u8217\'92d seen something. He champed down spyglass so that he could clamber out of the snakes eye, and when the distance was manageable, he jumped down. His brow was writ with urgency. He grabbed Mandri under the arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get inside,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it! Get inside!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto threw Mandri backwards and started to manhandle Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shook his arm free from Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92re you on about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  argue with me, Seb. Get inside, or I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll make you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. Alright. Don\u8217\'92t touch me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stood up slowly, and took his time getting his pack up off the ground. All the while he was staring off to where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d last seen Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d you see?\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s was at an end. He put a shoulder into Seb\u8217\'92s chest and lifted him up off the ground. Seb, being almost half Moto\u8217\'92s size, didn\u8217\'92t fight it, though he did make it as hard as he could letting his heels drag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto marched right past Mandri and gave him a look that could boil bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t get your ass inside,\u8221\'94 he said, and he left Mandri to imagine the details.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gathered himself up and took one last look out at the shattered plateau. Ayram was still hurtling towards the temple, though he was rapidly approach a crevasse that would, surely, be too wide for even him to jump. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slow down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Afore the gap, Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stride lengthened into a bounding sprint\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one, two, three\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his fourth step was right on the edge of the canyon, and with it he launched himself into the air. His momentum was incredible, his form compact, as if he were an arrow shot from a bow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, out of the south, a beam of yellow light exploded into the night and it zipped right towards Ayram. So brilliant and sudden was this flash that Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but blink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he opened his eyes, Ayram was gone. A cloud of dust swirled in his wake. There, too, running south along the plateau\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s criss-crossed face, was a long black scorch mark of freshly smoldering stone. And there, at its distant end, was a shrouded figure standing all alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand grabbed the neck of Mandri\u8217\'92s robe and pulled him into the temple, and without so much as a word of warning, Moto dropped him on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. She had seen the flash but not the source.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shouldered his pack and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was a burst of Mazydfire\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How close?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto did not answer. He and in brusque he said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If , she turned to the others and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}