{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twenty-five of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s band were in attendance. They were a motley crew of every race and color, and they congregated on the shadowed side of the pit across from where Mandri stood. This wasn\u8217\'92t a living space, and so there weren\u8217\'92t many furnishings - just a few logs and makeshift chairs to sit on, as well as a few crude tents set up on the sunny-side of the pit. There wasn\u8217\'92t anything that couldn\u8217\'92t be packed away at a moment's notice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri spied a few others high up on the rim. They were supposed to be lookouts, but they were eager to be down with the others, eager to be part of the buzz of excitement that filled the pit. This excitement was contagious. It worked its way into Mandri when he, Oro, Moteah and Sandie made their way out into the sunlight. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the Ayramun were mostly huddled together in little groups. None of them were drinking. Those that weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sleeping were whispering about things Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t hear, sometimes in languages he had never heard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like the rest of the Ayramun, Renny\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sun-leathered skin had gone red from years of lathering it with protective kell-oil, and his greasy hair was sunbleached like a Jandrian child\u8217\'92s. All the Ayramun were blended together by years of kell-oil and sun; pale Carcinians, dark Zozans, native Jandrians, at a glance the Ayramun could be mistaken for a blood tribe. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the more glaring physical deformities it would be hard to tell them apart. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shock of Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face nearly knocked Mandri over, for Sob\u8217\'92s bony features were twisted around his head to the right, as if something had knocked his face that way as a child and it just kept growing in that direction. It was so askew that his right eye and his nose were almost even with his right ear. His left eye and mouth were more or less where they were supposed to be, so his whole face was stretched in two directions. He could look at two things at once. When Sob glared at Moteah, he other eye was glaring at Mandri, too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the many unfortunate things about Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twisted face was that it gave him the sense of being two-faced, because even when he put on a genuine smile, the right half of his face didn\u8217\'92t seem to agree with it. Nonetheless, he made an effort, and Mandri was present enough to take it for what it was, even though it made the hairs on his arm stand on end. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Commander Oro! There you are! What might you doing down there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello down there. We\u8217\'92ve got you caught in a bit a pickle.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91You know there\u8217\'92s a cave there that we can just run into.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91You could, but helfis here is a crack shot. He\u8217\'92ll put an arrow through your eye before you could make it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doubt it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Go on helfis, put an arrow through one of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which one}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not the big one. No one who looks important. Just pick one one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arrow flies and stabs sob right in the eyesocket. (earlier convo with sob about luck).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They get pulled up. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood bombs to blow up the entrance to the cave - been looking for an excuse to use these - dont want any possible shitters sneaking out and cuffing us. Blow it up. Takes a lizard, puts the blood bomb in it, throws it down into the pit - booooom. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shade: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Do you know how hard it is to be made for a single purpose, and not be allowed to fill it? Waiting all this time assuming you\u8217\'92ll never be able to shit? Going to enjoy this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now - what to do with you. Ive got one more blood bomb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - do it with him. Hes huge. Gonnna be enough to kill all of them. What do you think. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Puts blood bomb in the chest of mazyd, he pulls up rock and somehow take the shade down with him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hugs the shade\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face with his belly. Bomb goes off. Mazyd\u8217\'92s torso ejects. Huge hole in the face of the shade. Toungue moving.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ON a trigger, ayram, Moto, and the rest manage to  slaughter their captors. Moto is especially adept at dispatching the dudes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle is about to get stabbed - mazyd saves him by telling him to let him be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the dust settles, all captors are dead. Ayram walks over to the shade. Face is blown off. Flower of goo. Tongue is still there, moving. Note about the whole, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91mazyd\u8217\'92s shadow cannot speak.\u8217\'92 Emitting a strange whining noise. Puts the shade out of his misery. Moves over to mazyd, who\u8217\'92se missing the lower half of his body. Black guts spilling out on the sand. Still alert, in a state of shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re one hardy son of a bitch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayaram is like, guess youre worthless if they want you dead. Was gonna use you to trade. For prisoners.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the contrary. The want me dead. Want being the key word here. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re obviously willing to pay for it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No way you survive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Push all that stuff back in. Sow me up as best you can. And im sure ill pull through.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}