{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/files/51491/51491-h/51491-h.htm#sect_22"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/files/51491/51491-h/51491-h.htm#sect_22}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~This concession did not materially help Christianity after it had ceased, in the time of Nero, to be regularly confounded by the Roman authorities with Judaism, as had been the case in the time of Claudius, and Judaism, after the destruction of Jerusalem, had been sharply distinguished from it. It publicly proclaimed its intention to completely dislodge all other religions, and the rapidity with which it spread showed how energetically its intentions were carried out. The close fellowship and brotherliness that prevailed among Christians, as well as their exclusive, and during times of persecution even secret assemblies, aroused the suspicion that they had political tendencies. Their withdrawal from civil and military services on account of the pagan ceremonies connected with them, especially their refusal to burn incense before the statues of the emperor, also the steadfastness of their faith, which was proof against all violence and persuasion alike, their retiredness from the world, etc., were regarded as evidence of their indifference or hostility to the general well-being of the state, as invincible stiff-neckedness, as contumacy, sedition, and high treason. The heathen populace saw in the Christians the sacrilegious enemies and despisers of their gods; and the Christian religion, which was without temples, altars and sacrifices, seemed to them pure Atheism. The most horrible calumnies, that in their assemblies (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Agap\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u230\'E6}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) the vilest immoralities were practised (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Concubitus \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u338\'8Cdipodei}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), children slain and human flesh eaten (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Epul\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u230\'E6 Thyeste\u230\'E6}{\f0\fs24\b0 , comp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u167\'A7\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/files/51491/51491-h/51491-h.htm#sect_36_5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 36,\~5}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), were readily believed. All public misfortunes were thus attributed to the wrath of the gods against the Christians, who treated them with contempt.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Non pluit Deus, duc ad Christianos!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The heathen priests also, the temple servants and the image makers were always ready in their own common interests to stir up the suspicions of the people. Under such circumstances it is not to be wondered at that the fire of persecution on the part of the heathen people and the heathen state continued to rage for centuries.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The first persecution of the Christians proceeding from a Roman ruler which was directed against the Christians as such, was carried out by the Emperor\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 Nero}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\f0\fs20\b0 A.D.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~54-68) in the year\~64, in consequence of a nine days\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 conflagration in Rome, the origin of which was commonly ascribed by the people to the Emperor himself. Nero, however, laid the blame upon the hated Christians, and perpetrated upon them the most ingeniously devised cruelties. Sewn up in skins of wild animals they were cast out to be devoured of dogs; others were crucified, or wrapt in tow and besmeared with pitch, they were fixed upon sharp spikes in the imperial gardens where the people gathered to behold gorgeous spectacles, and set on fire to lighten up the night (Tac.,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ann.}{\f0\fs24\b0 , xv.\~44). After the death of Nero the legend spread among the Christians, that he was not dead but had withdrawn beyond the Euphrates, soon to return as Antichrist. Nero\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s persecution seems to have been limited to Rome, and to have ended with his death}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Justin martyr }{\f0\fs24\b0 Moved by the aged man's argument, Justin renounced both his former religious faith and his philosophical background, choosing instead to re-dedicate his life to the service of the Divine. His newfound convictions were only bolstered by the ascetic lives of the early Christians and the heroic example of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martyr"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 martyrs}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , whose piety convinced him of the moral and spiritual superiority of Christian doctrine. As a result, he thenceforth decided that the only option for him was to travel throughout the land, spreading the knowledge of Christianity as the "true philosophy." His conversion is commonly assumed to have taken place at Ephesus}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Martyr#cite_note-J._Quasten,_p.196-7-18"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 18]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Martyr#cite_note-19"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 19]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~though it may have occurred anywhere on the road from\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Syria Palestina}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to Rome.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Martyr#cite_note-20"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 20]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~persecutions again took a new turn under\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 Marcus Aurelius}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\f0\fs20\b0 A.D.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~161-180) who was, both as a man and a ruler, one of the noblest figures of antiquity. In the pride of his stoical wisdom, however, despising utterly the enthusiasm of the Christians, he not only allowed free scope to the popular hatred, but also introduced the system of espionage, giving to informers the confiscated property of the Christians, and even permitting the use of torture, in order to compel them to recant, and thus gave occasion to unexampled triumphs of Christian heroism. At Rome, the noble Apologist Justin Martyr, denounced by his opponent the philosopher Crescens, after cruel and bloody scourging, died under the executioner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s axe about\~}{\f0\fs20\b0 A.D.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~165 (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u167\'A7\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/files/51491/51491-h/51491-h.htm#sect_30_9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 30,\~9}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ).\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8213\'2DIn regard to a very severe persecution endured by the church of Smyrna, we possess an original report of it sent from that church to one closely related to it, embellished with legendary details or interpolated, which Eusebius has incorporated in his Church History. The substance of it is a description of the glorious martyr death of their aged bishop Polycarp\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 and while rejoicing in the midst of the flames, received the crown of martyrdom}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }