{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linguistic_relativity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linguistic_relativity}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There's other versions of your question which I think are pretty easy to see are not true. Consider all the times that you've realized something but haven't been able yet to put it into words. Clearly in those cases your thoughts are not being constrained by language -- you know something that you can't yet name. Similarly, people throughout history have invented new concepts (e.g. the concept of a "galaxy") and then proceeded to name them afterward. It is still a deep, open question in cognitive science how new concepts are acquired (or what even the ontological structure of a "concept" is), but it seems clear that they're not completely constrained by language.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The human language is not a prison for the human mind. The main reason: If necessary, one can dismiss natural language, and choose or invent different means for expressing thoughts or to communicate:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 In the field of\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 art}{\f0\fs24\b0 , languages like painting, dance, music etc. serve to communicate. These languages continuously expand.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}