{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked and said, in his usual disinterested manner, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seems normal.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto kept one eye closed as he peered through the lens. He was squinting so tight that his  Looked almost so that his upper lip nocked up to reveal his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure?\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled. She was never happy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard to tell,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re gonna have to wait a bit. I can\u8217\'92t see much more than a few black specks and a cloud of dust. They\u8217\'92re moving fast though, that\u8217\'92s for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb shaded his brow with his hand and tried to spy their quarry. He traced a line straight out from the pass towards the oasis at Gelf, hoping, with his poor sight, that his eyes would stumble over the coming caravan. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It should be obvious,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93A hard tell is a foul tell.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re still way far out,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll know for sure in a bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find them. His eyes weren\u8217\'92t just bad, they were terribleBut he looked for them anyways. He always looked because he had come to believe, privately, that he had the ability to see the true natures of living things as a glowing aura. He couldn\u8217\'92t see the details, but that was okay because the blur of things far off gave him more important information. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never actually seen a colorful aura before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 black things blurred black, and brown things blurred brown\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but he believed that he\u8217\'92d }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 eventually}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be able to see them because the blessed witch had told him he would. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t put it so plainly, but she never put anything plainly, and if she ever did then there was sure to be layers of meaning hidden underneath the surface. What she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  tell Seb was that all his strengths were weaknesses, and all his weaknesses were strengths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  His near-sighteness was a weakness, and because of this weakness, people didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trust his judgment. }}