{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Need to check for:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Likelihood of synonymous mutation - non synonymous}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Consider a diploid autosomal locus segregating for two alleles (A1 and A2). We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll use these arbitrary labels for our alleles, merely to keep this general. Let N11 and N12 be the number of A1A1 ho mozygotes and A1A2 heterozygotes, respectively. Moreover, let N be the total number of diploid individuals in the population. We can then define the relative frequencies of A1A1 and A1A2 genotypes as f11 = N11/N and f12 = N12/N, respectively. The frequency of allele A1 in the population is then given by population and quantitative genetics p = (2N11 +N12)/2N =f11+1/2 *f12. The frequency of the alternate allele (A2) is then just q = 1 \u8722\'2D p }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {. Two observations have puzzled population geneticists since the inception of molecular popula tion genetics. The first is the relatively high level of genetic variation observed in most obligately sexual species. This first observation, in part, drove the development of the Neutral theory of molecular evolution, the idea that much of this molecular polymorphism may simply reflect a balance between genetic drift and mutation. The sec ond observation is the relatively narrow range of polymorphism across species with vastly different census sizes. This observation represented a puzzle as the Neutral theory predicts that levels of genetic diver sity should scale with population size. Much effort in theoretical and empirical population genetics has been devoted to trying to reconcile models with these various observations. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll return to discuss these ideas throughout our course. }}