{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 there would be "no fundamental problem with Islam". This "large-scale remigration project " would take generations and could only be realised "through the most violent methods". In a "hoped-for phase of change", says H\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6cke, "we Germans will not do things by halves", then "the rubble heaps of modernity will be cleared away";"hard times are ahead, because the longer a patient refuses urgent surgery, the harder the necessary cuts will inevitably be"\line \line Although he says earlier in the book that "violence [...] in today's culture war [...] should be carried out exclusively on an intellectual level" and "can never be a means of achieving political goals", he is convinced that a "new political leadership" must take measures "that run counter to its actual moral sensibilities". This "well-tempered cruelty" ( Peter Sloterdijk quote ), in which "human hardships and unpleasant scenes cannot always be avoided", is necessary in a "situation in which poison and assassination have become common weapons" ( Hegel quote ): "Existence-threatening crises require extraordinary action. The responsibility for this then lies with those who brought about the necessity of these measures with their unspeakable policies." H\u246\'F6cke also praises "the 'uncomfortable life' that Mussolini demanded of his compatriots." H\u246\'F6cke describes peoples as "bodily and mental units" because "one cannot simply separate the body from the soul and bodies simply have certain forms of appearance." In contrast, he sees in everything enlightened "inflated foam of values"; he describes today's professional politicians as " hysterics " and " auto-aggressive " and " mediocre piggy-smart figures of today's party democracy."\line \line \line words which refer to things and words which refer to non-existant things are both words. it confuses people. And the demarcation confuses some people - i only believe in what you can touch. Is this a jew, or a man? it is a man.\line \line H\u246\'F6cke cultivates his "hatred of Islam and parliamentarism as an ecstasy of devotion to the great", romanticizes politics and elevates it to a "religious substitute" inaccessible to arguments and facts.\line \line \~H\u246\'F6cke's call to "give no room to feelings of revenge" after a possible change of government, which is why, according to H\u246\'F6cke, the "Christian commandment of forgiveness and mercy may one day demand a lot from us," was seen by Liane Bednarz as evidence of "how deeply anchored H\u246\'F6cke is in anti- pluralist circles" in which people would prefer to punish political opponents after a change of power. Otherwise, according to Bednarz, H\u246\'F6cke "would hardly come up with the idea of prophylactically advising against desires for revenge." [150] The historian G\u246\'F6tz Aly saw in H\u246\'F6cke\u8217\'92s words \u8220\'93fantasies of seizing power\u8221\'94 as well as \u8220\'93a slightly coded, [\u8230\'85] clearly anti-constitutional call to bury weapons and prepare nights of the long knives .\u8221\'94 [151] H\u246\'F6cke\u8217\'92s statement in the book that peoples are \u8220\'93not races, but at best alloys of them\u8221\'94 is for the journalistMichael Kraske provides evidence that \u8220\'93H\u246\'F6cke claims the scientifically untenable existence of races.\u8221\'94 [152]\line \line In a detailed exchange with Sebastian Hennig [163], H\u246\'F6cke expressed his contempt for the \u8220\'93 do-gooders \u8221\'94 who had grown up in a \u8220\'93leaden and deadening welfare system\u8221\'94 and who should never have \u8220\'93fallen to their knees bloody\u8221\'94. He describes the commitment to universal human rights as a \u8220\'93very special kind of ethnic cleansing\u8221\'94. [164]\line \line Like the AfD associations in other federal states, H\u246\'F6cke and the AfD Thuringia are running a campaign against democracy and educational projects in schools, such as class trips to concentration camp memorials and lessons with contemporary witnesses of the Nazi era. In an open letter to all Thuringian schools (October 2018), H\u246\'F6cke and Wiebke Muhsal claimed violations of the school's obligation of neutrality and "one-sided political indoctrination and influence" by teachers. [165] In addition, the AfD wants to be informed about complaints from students or parents about politically non-neutral teachers through parliamentary inquiries and letters to schools. The Ministry of Education describes such letters from the AfD as legally unassailable, promised support to teachers and added that teachers should "not allow themselves to be intimidated by right-wing machinations such as the teacher reporting portal". School principals can decide for themselves how to deal with "general and unprovoked information mail".\line \line ochlocracy\line \line A web of concepts is thrown over world events, and it has to parry. The power is held by the one who regulates the language and proclaims the topics. If the themes set themselves, the tremolo of the speech controls swells to a shrill treble.\line \line but considers the idea of "a cosmopolis with ethnically indifferent people of the world" to be neither feasible nor desirable.\line \line and thinks from the point of view of balance, the balance of the great powers of existence: that between permanence and change, return and progress, reason and physicality, nature and history (permeating the landscape, as far as H\u246\'F6cke is concerned, in the cultural landscape of the Middle Rhine). H\u246\'F6cke's concept of the people contains the idea of entelechy, a peculiar "self-development" in the interaction of creative individuals who have very different dispositions, but are nevertheless closely connected to each other. If H\u246\'F6cke ascribes to himself a "deeply anchored humanism" within the framework of this worldview with clearly pedagogical traits, including those of the Studienrat, this is not a protective claim.\line \line I don't think it's an escape from the world, but rather a special form of devotion to the world, which is not unusual for children and young people. Many years later, during my studies, I came across the term "historical imagination". In this approach to history didactics, "embellishing cognition" forms a pillar of human historical consciousness. At some point, my childish world of imagination gave rise to the realization that the past is also present in the present and thus real.\line \line \line \line Not only as a memory, but also as a present, there is always a concrete, tangible heritage from the past: buildings, forms of settlement, social structures. They are "historical constants", whereby constancy is always to be understood only relatively in relation to the eternal flow of time. For humans, they have a stabilizing, identity-forming function. But duration and recurrence are only one side of history: change and progress are just as much a part of it and rhythmize its course. Ludwig Klages once described the phenomenon of rhythm as the "basic phenomenon of life". In the story, he is sometimes faster, sometimes slower, sometimes buoyant, sometimes ponderous \endash  sometimes he makes jumps and the whole time signature changes. At the moment, I feel that we are experiencing a historic acceleration.\line \line \line Yes, but with restrictions, because history only repeats itself structurally and these structures themselves do not come to light objectively. However, the gain in transferable knowledge is in the subjunctive. In the reality of life, history resembles less an increase in wisdom and clever action, but rather an "endless chain of stupidities that have been committed again and again", as Edgar Jung observed.\line \line Still others consider emancipation to be the real meaning of human beings, no matter what falls by the wayside. What I want to say is that it is not a question of the alternative of "change or preserve", but of the balanced evaluation of which things are worth preserving and which are not. This question is much more urgent today because technical means have given natural change a dynamic that is unique in history. Today, one cannot confidently wait for a heresy to refute itself \endash  the consequential damage of utopian experiments is too great. It is all too human when most people do not want to admit the consequences of carrying on as before, but irresponsible when sleeping sand is deliberately thrown in their eyes, as our political class does.\line \line \line Only if the world revolves exclusively around our little self, if we see ourselves only as an isolated "atom". Modesty is also a special form of pride \endash  in this case, the awareness of being part of a greater whole. As part of a community, such as a member of a people, each individual can become an important link in a long historical chain. Like a relay race, in which the baton is passed from generation to generation, each with a very specific historical mission. This comforts us over the individual transience and allows us to continue working confidently on the common work. Of course, only if you accept this responsibility \endash  the baton. Many compatriots have a problem with that today...\line \line Weil sie sich mehr als einzigartige Individuen denn als Gemeinschaftswesen\line verstehen.\line \line Because they see themselves more as unique individuals than as community beings.\line \line Here is already a blatant error in thinking: Today's ego mania has nothing to do with individuality! Let's look at a seasoned Prussian officer from the so-called authoritarian state of Frederick the Great: he was ideally an independent spirit with rough edges, an idiosyncratic personality \endash  and at the same time a loyal servant of the state and its citizens.\line \line During the Seven Years' War, the Prussian general Johann Friedrich Adolf von der Marwitz refused the Prussian king's order to plunder the Saxon castle of Hubertusburg and chose "disgrace where obedience did not bring honour", as it is written on his gravestone.\line \line In today's Western societies, a majority seems to be completely absorbed in concern for their own well-being. The responsibility for the whole thing is increasingly lost sight of. The conservative scolding of pernicious "individualism" is misguided: individuation is an important part of the process of self-realization. But it is always embedded in a social context. In short, it is the fruitful interplay between the individual and the community that makes a community alive in the first place. At present we have a tendency towards selfish collectivism, which is formed on the basis of a peculiar pressure to conform. I think that this tendency of the times does not befit us Europeans.\line \line \line Wilted flowers were cut off so that the plant had more vigor for the buds. My grandfather was completely insensitive to the robust spines of his roses, he usually cut them without gloves!\line \line \line This is part of the public caricature that was made by me. I fully understand the plight of the real refugees: refugees are people who want to escape a concrete danger and ask for protection. Helping them within the scope of our possibilities is our self-evident humanitarian responsibility. Something completely different is the mass immigration of soldiers of fortune and people who simply hope for a better life in Europe and Germany. Even if one can still understand their material motives, I see no obligation whatsoever to simply distribute the economic values that we Germans have worked hard for over generations to the poorer rest of the world \endash  and to accept the destruction of our community in addition to the plundering of our social systems. Of course, I am moved by the individual human fate associated with a flight, but I am also outraged by the rather brazen attitude of entitlement of many migrants who have come here. With the German expellees, the situation was now completely different. On the contrary: In retrospect, what seems particularly remarkable about the grandparents is how modest these people were, cultivated an active self-denial and retained a sense of the beauty and significance of life despite the loss of their homeland. Those who wanted to survive not only had no opportunity to complain at that time, they also did not even think seriously about what had happened to them for a long time. Especially since there was no question of a "welcoming culture" towards the expelled East Germans in the post-war period in the countryside. The urban K\u246\'F6nigsbergers, Reichenbergers or Pressburgers, who found themselves in the Upper Bavarian or Franconian provinces, for example, which were backward in relation to their homeland, had to make themselves useful quickly with the simplest work in order not to be a burden as useless eaters. No one asked the twenty-year-old mothers, who saved little more than their and their children's bare lives, what traumas they had suffered. Today, on the other hand, competition has emerged for the most gruesome history of persecution, a lucrative market in which the weight of one's own suffering pushes the scales downwards. Of course, this also attracts counterfeiters.\line \line This is part of the public caricature that was made by me. I fully understand the plight of the real refugees: refugees are people who want to escape a concrete danger and ask for protection. Helping them within the scope of our possibilities is our self-evident humanitarian responsibility. Something completely different is the mass immigration of soldiers of fortune and people who simply hope for a better life in Europe and Germany. Even if one can still understand their material motives, I see no obligation whatsoever to simply distribute the economic values that we Germans have worked hard for over generations to the poorer rest of the world \endash  and to accept the destruction of our community in addition to the plundering of our social systems. Of course, I am moved by the individual human fate associated with a flight, but I am also outraged by the rather brazen attitude of entitlement of many migrants who have come here. With the German expellees, the situation was now completely different. On the contrary: In retrospect, what seems particularly remarkable about the grandparents is how modest these people were, cultivated an active self-denial and retained a sense of the beauty and significance of life despite the loss of their homeland. Those who wanted to survive not only had no opportunity to complain at that time, they also did not even think seriously about what had happened to them for a long time. Especially since there was no question of a "welcoming culture" towards the expelled East Germans in the post-war period in the countryside. The urban K\u246\'F6nigsbergers, Reichenbergers or Pressburgers, who found themselves in the Upper Bavarian or Franconian provinces, for example, which were backward in relation to their homeland, had to make themselves useful quickly with the simplest work in order not to be a burden as useless eaters. No one asked the twenty-year-old mothers, who saved little more than their and their children's bare lives, what traumas they had suffered. Today, on the other hand, competition has emerged for the most gruesome history of persecution, a lucrative market in which the weight of one's own suffering pushes the scales downwards. Of course, this also attracts counterfeiters.\line \line I'm not exclusively conservative \endash  it's just a facet of my political self-image. In addition, I only want to preserve things that are worth preserving. Allow me to illustrate this with an example that has become topical again against the background of the office haggling during the black-red coalition negotiations at the beginning of 2018: When the Federal Republic of Germany became the first European country to introduce state party financing in 1959, hardly anyone suspected that the foundation of a new, unproductive economic sector developing into an end in itself was being laid. Today, 1.2 billion euros of taxpayers' money flow annually into something I call "political economy". The parliamentary groups in the Bundestag alone increased their state money thirty-five times between 1968 and 2015, namely from DM 4.9 million to 83.8 million euros. Hundreds of millions of euros are transferred annually to party-affiliated foundations without any relevant legal basis, which have used them to build up extensive real estate holdings at home and abroad, among other things. Today, the threateningly sprawling party state nourishes thousands of functionaries who want one thing above all, namely that things remain as they are for as long as possible. Out of pure self-interest, quite a few of them are also prepared to thwart or completely eliminate reformatory, democratic processes. The sovereign not only seems incapacitated, he is largely incapacitated. This state of affairs is clearly deplorable and not worth preserving! Here, with party critics such as Hans Herbert von Arnim, I see a fundamental need for renewal. The orthodox conservatives in the bad sense today are those who see no alternative to the status quo. However, the existing has often become dysfunctional, increasingly discredited itself objectively and morally, and is beginning to disintegrate before our eyes.\line \line As I indicated earlier, I believe in the historical reservation of contingency: it can happen this way, but it can also be different. Regardless of his chances of success, man remains an aspiring being, because he has become a dying being at birth. As Heidegger says, he is directed to death. But it is precisely this shocking realization that can become the humus of life for him, drive him to great deeds.\line \line As absurd as this statement may seem in view of the collapse, the victor is just as susceptible to self-deception as the loser is desperate. He believes that he has done everything right and is convinced that his "system" is the better, truer, more successful one. In a vulgar Darwinist sense, he is right: his "system" was the stronger one and prevailed. But that makes him haughty and incapable of criticism of his own mistakes and deficits. The loser is first of all in an identity crisis and quarrels with himself. However, he has a huge advantage over the winner: he is forced by the circumstances to ask himself: How could this happen? Where did you go wrong? What lessons can be learned from this? History may therefore be written and dominated by victors for a certain time, but in the long term the vanquished has a head start through his gain in knowledge.\line \line \~But the existing moral impulse was then skilfully transferred into the incipient "coming to terms with the past" \endash  for the purpose of political domination and paralysis of our national identity. However, maturation occurs through the productive processing of wounds and not through neurotization.\line \line From a purely criminal point of view, this is correct. Otherwise there would be a kind of national clan liability and that would be a breach of civilization. But apart from that, I think such a view is problematic: If you understand a people to be a community whose members are in a fateful, intergenerational connection, then I, as a German, cannot simply shirk my responsibility with the remark that it is none of my business because I was born after the events. That would mean that I would fall back into an "atomistic" self-image that I criticized earlier.\line \line In this context, it is interesting that those who consider the existence of peoples to be pure fantasies speak of a community of liability that is very well defined ethnically. After all, no penance is demanded of the Turks living here for Auschwitz, or at least not yet.\line \line Er meinte damit, da\u223\'DF das Werden und die Entwicklung\line wichtiger f\u252\'FCr uns Deutsche seien, als das, was ist.\line This corresponds to the Greek panta rhei, being as eternal becoming.\line \line \line \~"National self-hatred" and "denial of one's own" have escalated to a "mania for self-annihilation". According to H\u246\'F6cke, the "international financial sharks", "modern casino capitalism" and the "political-media establishment" are forcing a "global capitalist devastation" with the " neoliberal migration dogma " in order to, among other things, abolish the German people in favor of an "economically viable species ".\line \line Exactly, and that is what makes us Germans so "restless", so "unsteady", so "unpredictable" from the outside. The recognition of being as becoming is a core idea of German idealism. These include not only Kant, Fichte, Schelling and Hegel, but also our classics Herder, Goethe and Schiller. These poets and thinkers were anything but "irrational". Rather, here we find reason and the classical measure that also constituted the Prussian state.\line \line \~Reading Heidegger, I also found confirmation of my deeply felt anti-materialism. No viable ideas of order can be derived from materialist ideologies, but only technocratic structures that at the beginning of the 21st century can only be held together with bread, games, manipulation and subtle to crude oppression \endash  a bizarre "crossover" of Aldous Huxley's Brave New World and George Orwell's 1984.\line \line Not at all! Even as a leftist, you are in a community of destiny with your people, as is completely normal in other countries \endash  just look at Ireland, Scotland or Catalonia. We must therefore not condemn the German left for its disturbed relationship with its own people, but should help it on the way to reconciliation, to self-friendship. This demands a lot from us: forbearance towards the unforgiving, understanding towards the unreasonable, forgiveness towards the unyielding.\line \line The majority of the left considers you and your comrades-in-arms with their "patriot quirk" to be in need of therapy, not the other way around.\line \line This reminds me a bit of the bitter humoresque with the madhouse in which the patient thinks he is the doctor. However, we must not allow ourselves to be misled and should hold on to the simple fact: Ethnicity is not a question of left or right, but something quite normal and natural beyond political swings. The history of the Soviet Union offers one of the most striking examples: the Red Army was successful not least because the Soviet Communists succeeded in transforming it into a Great Patriotic War. Under this name, the Victory Parade is still held every May on Red Square in Moscow. Stalin famously said after the war that the Hitlers would come and go, but the German people would stay. This should give our left-wing despisers of the people pause for thought\line \line To loosen up the many tenses, I recommend to all left and right \endash  and especially to the "Mittists" \endash  to read Rahim Taghizadegan's book on Left & Right, which unfolds a fascinating panorama of these tendencies, which for him can be explained by character. But be careful: this can increase the confusion! The matter is much more complicated than is commonly believed. The author therefore advises to dispense with etiquette in everyday political life and to treat words as words and people as people\line \line So one must fight against anti-fascism today in order to prevent a new fascism?\line Yes, that's how crazy our political situation is. But it is also a question of aesthetics, morality and intellectual aspirations that oblige us to counter and push back this totalitarian presumption: today's anti-fascism makes us ugly, evil and stupid\line \line L\u228\'E4\u223\'DFt sich denn im Umkehrschlu\u223\'DF ableiten, da\u223\'DF Sie eine Lanze f\u252\'FCr den\line Faschismus brechen?\line Not at all, fascism was a historically and spatially limited phenomenon and could only exist as a bizarre foreign body in Germany today.\line \line \line But isn't the idea floating around in some right-wing circles to re-establish fascism as a "softer" variant compared to the hard, racist NSI ideology?\line \line I don't think much of that. It will hardly be possible to deny its historical impact and its serious attempts to overcome the liberalist crises of the early 20th century. But we Germans do not need a "Casa Pound movement" like the one in Italy, to which you allude: we have Prussia as a positive model\line \line An interesting thought. The "uncomfortable life" that Mussolini demanded of his compatriots is at least somewhat reminiscent of the scratchy but warming Prussian jacket of which Bismarck spoke. Regardless of the rather loud-mouthed recourse to Roman imperial antiquity, the Italians appreciated fascism for the elimination of the Mafia, the draining of the swamps, the good roads and the punctual trains. The modern urbanity that is still perceptible today, for example in Turin, Florence and Rome, is also due to a "fascist style" that in its sober clarity certainly shows references to the Prussian era of Schinkel, Schadow and Rauch.\line \line Extremism, on the other hand, is a one-sidedness, a fading out of reality. The world itself is complicated and contradictory, and so is politics. All monocausal explanations promote conspiracy mania and ultimately lead to dangerous fanaticism. I therefore reject any form of extremism. It is undoubtedly also extremist when left-wing networks call for denunciation in order to destroy the social existence of people\line \line That is the question of how to define ideology. Some right-wing thinkers insist on the claim of their own ideology with good intentions. I, on the other hand, understand it to mean the extremism of a point of view and the absolutization of individual aspects. This leads to extreme mental narrowing and often leads to unworldly social experiments. The path to terror and crime is then not very far, because without violence reality cannot be forced into an ideological corset. V\u225\'E1clav Havel said after the collapse of communism: The rule of ideologies is over.\line \line ---this is just mindblowing - the insistence on the people as a 'real' thing with mechanics that can be understood, having this be the guiding principle of policy - THIS IS IDEOLOGY\line \line \u8230\'85 and will still live to see if the no less unrealistic multicultural ideology should continue to assert itself! It must be our aspiration to look at the political questions impartially and from as many angles as possible in order to get out of the ideological trap or not to get into it in the first place. Wilhelm Schmid has shown an effective antidote to the dangerous dead ends that threaten with a fixation on irrefutable truths: the early build-up of a "hermeneutical potential", as he calls it. Instead of leaning motionlessly on the certainties, we should first practice our skills for interpreting situations before they leave us perplexed in our determinations.\line \line Yes, idealistic thinking protects us from extremism and one-sidedness because it tries to grasp the world in an integrative and holistic way. Hegel said: "The truth is the whole." All individual phenomena are only different moments of a greater whole, to make them absolute would lead to untruth. We should therefore also refrain from glorifying a part \endash  such as political parties \endash  into a whole. The Latin origin of the word "pars", i.e. part, already points to its limited function. In politics, since modern times, the whole has been the state, which must always stand above the parties if it is not to suffer any damage to the detriment of the community.\line \line True, but for a patriot this point of reference can only be the weal and woe of his own country \endash  and not any particular or ego interests or even a diffuse "world community". The task for politicians is actually quite simple, even if its implementation is often difficult: avert harm to the people and increase their benefits. In our parliaments, on the other hand, two extreme types dominate who pursue completely different goals: on the one hand, the na\u239\'EFve dreamers of humanity, on the other hand, the "lobby representatives with a corruption background". Some don't see the forest for the trees and go astray in it. The others simply clear the forest to bring the stick forward in their mouths. The normal people and the common good fall under the table}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line And yet, as such a "thoughtful and inactive" people, we have created the most successful and strongest economic order in the world \endash  by the way, before we submitted to the Anglo-Saxon doctrine with its ideology of profit maximization and profitability. The Germans, with their strange romanticism, seem to have a source of strength of their own, even in such mundane areas as economics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {Does the power of signs, symbols and historical myths spring from the same source? Are they the seals that guarantee us such abilities?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Yes. Myths are considered dusty and outdated in our country, although the Federal Republic of Germany itself cultivates a number of myths: the economic miracle, DMark and Volkswagen, later the framework collective agreement and borderless Europe, and more recently the foreigner as the saviour from the burden of one's own. Despite all the rationalizations in modernity, the Logos has not been able to displace myth. We should see myths in practical terms as possible sources of strength and orientation aids that give us hope and confidence even in bad times. Just think of the Kyffh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u228\'E4user myth of the Germans: As is well known, the old Emperor Barbarossa sleeps in a cave on the Kyffh\u228\'E4userberg, only to wake up one day with his loyal followers, save the empire and restore its glory. It is interesting that the mythical ruler originally referred to Barbarossa's grandson, the Hohenstaufen Frederick II.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Now there is blasphemy from an enlightened side about the lack of truth content of such myths. However, the truth content is not the decisive thing, but the invigorating and identity-forming effect on people and peoples \endash  and this cannot be empirically denied.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Yes, a myth can only "vibrate" if there are corresponding strings in man. In myths, old stories are always mixed with current longings, the real with fantasy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One may mock the picture. But I am convinced that the Germans' longing for a historical figure who will one day heal the wounds in the people, overcome the inner conflict and put things in order is deeply anchored in our souls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The finding is clear: the disenchanted world is not a pleasant place for a growing number of people. In our Western hemisphere, where freedom is usually equated with "undisturbed eating", unease is growing. A ray of hope is that the natural sciences, which have been accelerators of disenchantment, are returning to great amazement in their borderline areas. Even if some stubborn "block materialists" still express themselves disrespectfully about the "new-pious physicists" who have discovered the spirit in matter, science is increasingly no longer understood as an instance for driving the divine out of the world, but as a multiplier of the mysterious \endash  every door it opens with its rational explanations opens a space with new doors. This means that even with the most accurate measurement methods and analyses, the world will ultimately remain a great mystery that we cannot solve with the limited resources of science. Only the "second pair of eyes" can help us here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the beginning, there was an incredible enthusiasm among the comrades-in-arms. It was a good feeling to meet like-minded people and no longer just criticize the conditions, but to actively work on overcoming them. The Alternative was initially not organized as a party, but initially established itself as a citizens' movement called Wahlalternative 2013. Thus, the question arose as to how to act effectively in elections, i.e. in particular how to obtain places on electoral lists. To this end, cooperation with the Free Voters in the 2013 state election in Lower Saxony was sought as a test run. However, this attempt at cooperation failed, so that the majority saw the need to found a party. We all had stomach aches, because it was already obvious at that time that the predicament of our country had something to do with the incrustations of our party democracy. Since the founding days, we in the Thuringian AfD have therefore been aware that the party must never become an end in itself for our actions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 No, despite the bad external image that the state association showed at the time due to its leadership quarrels, the AfD in Thuringia \endash  unlike at the federal level, where it narrowly missed entering the Bundestag with 4.7% \endash  came to 6.2%. In any case, this was a confirmation that we had struck a chord with the citizens. The internal conflicts also had their causes less on the substantive level. The first functionaries of the party were in a state of permanent overload: a party organization had to be set up, programmatic statements had to be formulated and an election campaign had to be organized \endash  all on a voluntary basis in addition to their civic profession and family obligations. That was nerve-wracking. Sometimes it was also about personal vanities. The egomania of individual people stood in the way of the ability of the state executive to work in a team. This created quite a uproar with the consequence of resignations and resignations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fate is somewhat reminiscent of Wohlfahrt's, although Lucke was probably trapped in a kind of "professorial autism". Both lacked the ability and in the end probably also the will to integrate and to put their own sensitivities aside in the face of the common cause. Frauke Petry later failed because of the resulting motto "If you are not for me, you are against me". But both Wohlfahrt and Lucke must also be credited with a great deal of service to the building of the party in their respective spheres of activity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 the dispute hung over the parliamentary group like mildew}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the Thuringian state parliament, the rules of procedure for the self-referral motions in the committees require the approval of one third of the deputies. As a rule, our motions are therefore often not even on the agenda, which is why important topics are hardly ever dealt with. In this way, we cannot force the government factions or the government to take a position on our ideas or questions. This makes constructive opposition work more difficult. The fact that the rules of procedure are in need of reform at this point has also been confirmed by the other parliamentary groups in the state parliament for years. However, nothing has happened so far.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Yes, if we do not soon stop the violent transformation of the traditional nation state into a multicultural immigration society, we are indeed threatened with a cultural meltdown in Germany and Europe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Yes, I know this study. The authors noted a frightening tendency to exert influence on popular education in the sense of Merkel's migration and multicultural policy. By the way, the concept of a multicultural society, which is propagated in unison today by the political-media establishment, is also a lie: because not all ethnic groups are granted the right to their own development and to protect their interests: the native Germans are even denied it! The same applies in the other European countries. Multiculturalism in the Western world does not aim at the coexistence of equal cultures in one country, as the Australian behavioral scientist Frank Salter, who worked for many years at the Max Planck Institute in Andechs, has found, but rather the minorization and marginalization of the authochthonous peoples}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of course not! The real humanitarian catastrophe consists in the practical invisibility of the real refugees. Those who can not only justifiably claim our help, but whom we must help for our own sake, so that we do not suffer damage to our souls. We hardly notice these fates under the maelstrom that has formed from the social-romantic transfigurations of the subtle philanthropists and the cheeky demands of the robust oriental and African soldiers of fortune. For me, this includes, for example, the body of the pregnant African woman who died in the oil slick below deck of one of the floating wrecks after she was just good enough to send a radio message to the Italian coast guard. "Survival of the fittest" in all its good-natured brutality! What is done here by the dreamy assistants of the smugglers with their obsessive tunnel vision is a hell of human hands. The first commandment of humanity would have been to finally put a stop to the unfortunate joint venture of na\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFve do-gooders, the Calabrian mafia and African human traffickers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Most of the money from development aid is siphoned off by a small upper class anyway, which uses it to finance a feudal, luxurious lifestyle, while a large part of the population remains in poverty. Colonization should not be viewed exclusively negatively: Basically, culture is always the consequence of successful colonization. But after the seizure of land, efficiency, self-exploitation must become the basis of prosperity and not the exploitation of the colony and its people. This was the case with German colonization in the East as well as with Prussian internal colonization. The esteem in which the Germans are held by countless citizens of the world in Africa, America and Asia, who are not reached by the narratives of Western sociologists and political scientists, is based on an increase in prosperity that grew out of the spirit and practical efficiency of the Germans in the period from 1850 to 1918. This remains unforgotten by people from Baghdad to Zanzibar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I find it misguided, presumptuous and also completely unrealistic to want to "Westernize" a world religion with 1.6 billion followers in order to make it compatible with our European norms and values through a kind of reinterpretation and "re-education". This does not correspond to the traditional German respect for the different. The lack of enlightenment lamented by liberal criticism of Islam is an internal matter of the Muslim world, in which we must not interfere at all costs. Islam with its many currents such as Wahhabism, Salafism, Sunni or Shiitism, Sufism and other orientations is not a unified bloc anyway, on the contrary: most Muslims die from the murderous violence of other Muslims.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0  If we want to see fewer hijab or burqa wearers on our streets and squares, then I think it is the wrong way to drive these women out of their clothing habits, but we should think about reducing the number of Muslims living here. This would respect the respective cultural characteristics without turning one's own country into a place of alienation. But it's not just about dress codes: Do we Europeans want to become the better exegetes of the Koran and explain to Muslims what they have to believe and in what form? We hardly have any religious references ourselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We can make it unmistakably clear to Muslims that their religious way of life does not fit in with our Western-European culture and that we want to live differently than according to Sharia. If we do not want the Islamization of our societies, we do not need to discuss complicated theological questions and refute "false positions", but should solve the causal problem of immigration. So we can basically save ourselves the whole Islam debate: If we didn't have the masses of Orientals and Muslims in Europe and Germany, we wouldn't have an elementary problem with Islam.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So, these are your words, not mine. In addition to the antisocial, loud-mouthed and insolent type that you probably mean, there are also a number of extremely likeable, friendly and well-mannered Muslims with whom one can certainly imagine a long-term coexistence \endash  if our legal system and dominant culture are recognized without restrictions. However, those who, like the migration commissioner of the last federal government, Aydan \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u214\'D6zo\u287\'67uz, cannot even recognize a specifically German culture beyond the language and then unabashedly have a chic life financed with German taxpayers' money, have actually no place in our country. Of course, you can't force the locals to deal with completely remote sensitivities either, as if they didn't have enough problems themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This inflated foam of values is only supposed to cover the deep hole of lost identity. But this does not convince any migrant who has been socialized in completely different cultural-religious milieus. Integration \endash  or rather: acculturation \endash  is a very complex and difficult process anyway, which is not settled with a superficial commitment to the Basic Law, but requires the acceptance of a system of values and norms that is perceived as alien and goes far beyond the prevailing legal system. Migrants from non-European cultures are themselves torn souls because they are under constant tension between the Western outside world and the Muslim inner world. But due to the lack of pressure to integrate and the low attractiveness of the autochthonous culture, the majority of them have opted for their original identity \endash  which you can't really blame them for. In this way, acculturating immigration becomes invasive immigration, as the philosopher Rudolf Brandner observed. Instead of an enrichment of European and German culture, we are experiencing their displacement through Islamization, Orientalization and Africanization. So tricky is the situation in which we find ourselves due to the crazy social experiments of the multiculturalists!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It is only the radical consequence of a fatal basic conviction that the French philosopher Alain Finkielkraut summed up in the sobering and drastic words: We Europeans are nothing! We have no origin, no history, no grown culture. We also have no country, at least not for us, because every person in the world is free to settle here. That's why we don't need any borders}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And this being is now being redefined by the globalists: We are to become abstract, pure human beings, equipped with universal human rights \endash  if possible without pollution by any ethnicity and national traditions. If you like, an "ethnic cleansing" of a very special kind! I had already mentioned where a real "delusion of purity" is to be found, which is always attributed to the forces connected to the people. Humanity sounds so beautiful and noble and doesn't really oblige you to anything, because the responsibility would relate above all to the annoying neighbor from my concrete community.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Belgian ancient historian David Engels predicts that in twenty to thirty years a large part of Europe will be afflicted by civil wars if the development continues as it has so far. He draws parallels to the end of the Roman Republic: Like Rome back then, today's Europe is characterized by a strange mixture of cosmopolitanism, self-doubt, materialism and a guilty conscience. The continent will slip into a chaotic situation and go through a phase of confusion until at some point an intellectual-political potency restores order and peace. It is foreseeable that in view of the continuing mass immigration of hardly integrable sections of the population, the social upheavals will run along ethno-cultural fault lines. Then we get exactly the political "ethnicization effect" that the multiculturalists want to prevent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It is therefore our most urgent task to prevent such scenarios. We must counter the whole no-border and dislocation mania with the right to a homeland \endash  a human right that is protected under international law and is part of the inalienable human dignity laid down in Article 1 of our Basic Law. With the millions of foreigners invading Europe, we are taking this away from both migrants and Europeans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 No, the many official statements and documents of relevant protagonists and institutions clearly point to a long-term strategy. There is no need to refer to old campaigns such as the obscure Hooton Plan, knowledge of the UN report "Replacement Migration" of 2001, which calls for the opening of Germany to over eleven million foreign immigrants, supposedly to fill "demographic gaps" \endash  while explicitly accepting the social tensions inevitably associated with it! The facts are as clear as they are dismaying. What is used here under the trivializing term "replacement migration" is the brutal displacement of Germans from their ancestral settlement area. And this approach, which violates the Basic Law and international law, is now part of the Federal Government's demographic strategy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I mean those auto-racists in our country who grant every people except the Germans a right to life. This is not limited to a primitive rank and file like the autonomous Antifa, just read the statements of leading Green or Left politicians and some media people: they are downright jubilant about our imminent death of the people through the population exchange. For them, the refugees are only a means to an end, so that their hated own people finally disappear from the world stage. You could call them Germans with a national borderline syndrome.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Story where raging racist has a brief glimmer of empathy for the downtrodden - files it away as more proof of their degeneracy and goes on raging.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and herein lies the rub of true liberalism - how can it stand against such fantasies as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the people\u8217\'92. How can anarchy stand against hierarchy? It can\u8217\'92t. It is the landscape in which to wander, amongst artificial structures I turn to nature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And I believe that the political-media class has recognized \endash  more unconsciously than consciously \endash  that I cannot be captured, in the sense of a "hegemony through neutralization," as the Marxist intellectual Antonio Gramsci described it. In this case, the instincts of today's rulers are even right: I cannot be corrupted by the temptations of the establishment. There will be no arrangement of any kind with me. I stand for a fundamental turnaround in our country and in which \endash  if it becomes reality \endash  these run-down elites will no longer play a role. If you consider this, it becomes clear why the bombardment of the establishment against me is so enormous. For them, I am the incarnate God-be-with-us. You need B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6rne's elephant skin to get through it in the long run.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It is the pure fear of being ousted from the established positions and losing the accumulated sinecures. It reminds me of Heinrich B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6ll's legendary words about the "remnants of rotting power defending themselves with rat-like rage". Today's rulers know, or at least suspect, that their time may soon be over. The victory of the globalists is far from certain. Even such an influential migration fanatic as William Swing already said that one would lose if one did not succeed in finally reversing the stubborn peoples to their self-abolition. My advice to the comrades-in-arms: The more hysterical the ruling caste reacts, the more aggressively it lashes out like a little stubborn child from whom you want to take away the toys, the calmer we should become and let all the caustic smut they pour over us drip off confidently and stoically. We should suppress any hint of justification, because our political positions are completely normal and reasonable, no matter how loudly they shout "right-wing extremist" or "racist". We don't need to justify ourselves for anything \endash  especially not to the destroyers of our country.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We must not allow ourselves to be infected by the agitation and defamation of the opposing side and do the same. This also applies in the event that the tide should turn politically in our country: no room must then be given to any feelings of revenge. The Christian commandment to forgive and grace may one day demand a lot from us. What we have to endure today as a reviled patriotic opposition, we should not expect anyone to endure after a change of power, it would permanently prevent the unity of our people. Our task is to close the rift in our society again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the problem with this, as a manicured dialogue, is that he does not distinguish himeself from the interviewer. One gets the sense that their places could be exchanged and nothing of value would be lost. It would be hard to inculcate a cult of personality with a personality that is so replaceable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the whole structure is amusing. Lots of name/quote dropping. Especially of german design. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Above all, we must be careful that careerists and post hunters do not get the upper hand in the party and that the political content is not watered down. That was also the reason why we founded the "wing" in 2015}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The poet Peter Rosegger once remarked that actually sensible people \endash  as soon as they come onto the battlefield of the political parties \endash  become "blind quarrels, rogues and fools".}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Really didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like Zone of Interest. - says more about the makers than about the subject. I don\u8217\'92t buy the banality of evil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Certainly, but without clearly naming the causes of the social upheavals. The left wants globalization, only the ugly social consequences are to be cushioned or made up. I must repeat it once again: the almost fanatical advocacy of open borders and boundless multiculturalization of the globalist left is a blatant betrayal of the native working class. No amount of social rhetoric can conceal the fact that the migration ideology and mass immigration are a logical consequence of global capitalism with its demand for the worldwide free movement of goods, capital and people. A prominent proponent of illegal immigration, the Nobel laureate in economics Milton Friedmann, said that you could have open borders or a welfare state, but not both. With a few exceptions, the left has forgotten this simple insight today. The multicultural society she prefers is a society that lacks solidarity, anti-social and is unpeaceful! Can that be their goal?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Such a catastrophe could be accompanied by the end of Germany as a nation state. Then liberalism would have proven to be a disease with a fatal outcome.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If by "liberalism" one means here in a nutshell, an exclusive energy that dissolves structure and bonds: yes. But history is not a one-way street and as danger increases, so does the saving power. You just have to recognize it and grab it by the hair. Despite all the prophecies of doom, even with the collapse of the nation states and the chaos that then spreads, all is far from lost. I mentioned earlier the possible withdrawal at the state level, where there is still great potential, especially in the East, to stop the inhumane project of a migration society.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then we still have the strategic option of the "Gallic villages". If all else fails, we will retreat to our rural refuges like the brave and cheerful Gauls once did, and the new Romans who reside in the neglected cities can cut their teeth on the Teutonic asterixes and obelixes! We Germans \endash  at least those who still want to be Germans \endash  will then be just one tribe among others. However, the re-tribalization in the course of the multicultural restructuring will thus become a catch-all position and a new nucleus of the people. And one day this reserve position can become a default position from which a reconquest begins.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Yes, in addition to protecting our national and European external borders, a large-scale remigration project will be necessary. And with him, I fear, there will be no getting around a policy of "well-tempered cruelty," as Peter Sloterdijk called it. This means that human hardship and unpleasant scenes will not always be avoidable. The state executive organs should therefore proceed as humanely as possible, but also as consistently as necessary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Yes, but existential crises require extraordinary action. The responsibility for this then lies with those who have brought about the necessity of these measures with their unspeakable policies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is also where my fundamental confidence and serenity lies, which go beyond all horror scenarios. I am sure that no matter how bad the situation may be, in the end there will still be enough members of our people with whom we can open a new chapter in our history. Even if we will unfortunately lose a few parts of the population that are too weak or unwilling to resist the advancing Africanization, Orientalization and Islamization. But apart from this possible bloodletting, we Germans have shown an extraordinary power of renovation in history after dramatic declines. Think of the Thirty Years' War or the collapse of 1945. Whether we will make it again is not certain, but there is justified hope for renewal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We are witnessing the final dissolution of all things: from the identities of genders and ethnicities, families, religious ties to cultural traditions, the sense of form and measure \endash  just imagine the rampant deconstruction mania in architecture! \endash  to the protective and formative borders of states and cultures. Merkel's opening of the border and the "no-border-no-nation ideology" is only a moment in this historical process of disintegration. In the end, the human being himself is up for grabs. It is no coincidence that the so-called transhumanism as a project is strongly promoted and promoted by the global financial elites. The goal is to create a new superman in the form of a human-machine hybrid \endash  a strange, even creepy idea! The best thing for normal humanity would probably be if these posthumanoids would eventually realize their favorite plan and emigrate to Mars.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In 2012, Reinhard Jirgl painted in his disturbing novel None of Us on Earth what happens when these colonists come back to earth! Since then, the literary world has been quiet around the 2010 B\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCchner Prize winner, who had written four novels for the drawer in the GDR.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Manfred Kleine-Hartlage has described modernity as a process of destructuring and dedifferentiation. Everything that has grown historically must be deconstructed and decomposed, but \endash  and here lies the decisive point \endash  no new shapes and structures should emerge at the same time. Rather, the goal is permanent liquefaction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Exactly. This even has a metaphysical dimension: for with the aim of permanent liquefaction, the forces of modernity are directed against creation itself: it is the relapse to the formless and desolate mass of pre-worldly chaos, as Ovid sang about it in his Metamorphoses. We, on the other hand, should follow the act of creation, which consisted of giving shape and order to the amorphous structure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The list is long, here are just a few more: If modernity has allowed the ugliness and disfigurement of our cities, villages and landscapes, we must make beauty and the sense of form and measure the new standard. If it has destroyed communities and massed people, we have to restore the fruitful interplay of community and individual. If religious references have been lost in the course of modernity, we must strive for a metaphysical re-anchoring. That will be the decisive point in the first place: In order to get through the difficult times of crisis that are to be expected, we need not only a new sense of community but also an inner support that is primarily fed by religious substances. Here the official churches in Germany have completely failed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}