{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Proto-religion -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That tree over there fell down. Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That mountain is larger than all the others. Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lightning flashed in the sky. Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The river flooded and killed people. Why?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All of these questions once motivated religion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then comes a philosophical turn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why should any of it exist?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It begins with an observation of existence. This is very strange. Inevitably leads to a question: why should something exist instead of nothing?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Parmenides argued:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is, is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is not, is not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Non\_being is impossible.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the earliest philosophical attempt to grapple with the idea that }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 being must be}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and that }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 nothingness is incoherent}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Similar to the issue of law of identity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plato wrestles with the relationship between being and non\_being in the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Sophist}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , where he tries to explain how \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93non\_being\u8221\'94 can be spoken of without contradiction. This is not the existential question yet, but it\u8217\'92s a crucial step. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle introduces the idea of a }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 necessary being}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (the Unmoved Mover). He doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask \u8220\'93Why is there something rather than nothing?\u8221\'94 but he does ask:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What explains the existence of contingent beings?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Must there be something that cannot not exist?}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He argues that:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing is simpler.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something exists.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Therefore, there must be a sufficient reason for existence.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That reason is God, whose essence includes existence.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 The question is meaningful and profound}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (e.g., van Inwagen, Lowe, Swinburne).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 The question is meaningless or ill\_posed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (e.g., Carnap, Wittgenstein, Ryle, some naturalists).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 The question is coherent but unanswerable}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (e.g., Nagel, Parfit, some modal metaphysicians).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Normative claims}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ethics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems like the fundamenal charachter of all moral and ethical quandry is the issue of incomplete information. What would you do, given complete information of the system?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trolly problem, in the abstract, cuts lives off from the world at large. It simulates incomplete information. We could add information that would change the action, and the feeling of the action.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Base problem which intends to inflict guilt upon the answerer by forcing them to kill to save a larger number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5 people on one track, one on the other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what if we add information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5 newborn babies on one track, a nazi rapist on the other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For most people, the guilt calculus will change. The reluctance, for many, will evaporate, for with every new bit of information we possess, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Socrates (via Plato): wrongdoing = ignorance of context}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Key idea: People only act wrongly because they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fully understand the situation, the good, or the consequences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why he fits your description:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Socrates repeatedly argues that virtue is knowledge and vice is ignorance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ethical mistakes arise because the agent lacks the relevant contextual understanding\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is truly good, what the situation demands, what the consequences will be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is explicit in the Protagoras, Apology, and Meno.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the most classical and explicit version of your idea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. Aristotle: moral error = failure of perception}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reduce ethics to ignorance, but he does say that moral excellence requires perceiving the salient features of a situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Virtue is partly situational awareness: knowing what matters here and now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vice often comes from missing or misreading the morally relevant context.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a more psychologically realistic version of the Socratic thesis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. David Hume: moral judgment depends on full information}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hume argues that moral evaluation requires a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93steady and general point of view,\u8221\'94 which means:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Correcting for partial knowledge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Imagining the full context}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Removing ignorance, bias, and distance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For Hume, moral error is often the result of incomplete or distorted information about the situation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4. Adam Smith: moral mistakes = failures of impartial spectatorship}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smith\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93impartial spectator\u8221\'94 is essentially a device for correcting ignorance of context.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moral error arises when:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see the situation as an informed, impartial observer would}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our perspective is too narrow, too emotional, or too uninformed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  5. John Dewey: ethical problems = problems of incomplete knowledge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dewey\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pragmatism treats moral dilemmas as situations where we lack sufficient information to determine the consequences of our actions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ethics is experimental because the context is always partially unknown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 6. Bernard Williams: moral luck + contextual ignorance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Williams argues that moral judgment is deeply entangled with:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What we couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have known}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What was outside our control}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The opacity of real-world situations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moral conflict often arises because agents act under uncertainty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 7. Alan Gewirth (relevant to your open tab)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gewirth doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say moral quandaries are ignorance, but his rationalist ethics depends on agents understanding:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their own purposes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The conditions of agency}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rights implied by agency}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moral failure, for Gewirth, often involves not recognizing the full implications of agency\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 another form of contextual ignorance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Given your browsing context (Gewirth, is\endash ought, human rights), you may be triangulating between rationalist ethics and the epistemic conditions of moral judgment. Gewirth is not the best match for your specific question, but he sits adjacent to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}