{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  There were more interesting things happening.___Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s near-white Spark turned slowly in his giant stomach. Mandri watched a thick line of fate stretch out of it and draw loops around the room, first a short loop down to pay respects to Elrahet, then it wound back around to the golden tree, then it curved softly towards some distant crack in the chamber\u8217\'92s wall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And he should first ask himself, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did the artist intend to do?\u8221\'94 and offer suggestions accordingly. That\u8217\'92s how constructive criticism was properly done. So long as the artist was not a tragic figure there might be progress. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was the real tragedy here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the God of Creation was a dilettante. Was that heretical? If this were Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first Creation, it would be expected. If not, how many Creations had He attempted? How do they fit in with the work of His contemporaries? Let\u8217\'92s see His oeuvre to see if there\u8217\'92s been progression. A few preliminary sketches, at least. It was hard to judge without context.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was this mere instinct or fate? Was there even a difference between the two?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Evil was defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yet, Ayram deigned to ask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What have you done?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It sounded a bit like Ayram was offering a critique. Evidently, Mandri hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slain that world ender fast enough. There might have been more to it, but Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t quite comprehend the specifics of Ayram\u8217\'92s weeping fury because the burgeon blurred the man\u8217\'92s hot words in with the rasping hollers of the dead and dying. But that face could hardly be misinterpreted. He seemed to think a great tragedy had just occurred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That did not make much sense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram wanted the Burshageet dead, and so it was. If ever there was a happy alignment of fate and desire, this was it. Elrahet was dead as well, but one could hardly expect to end an exalted being without trading another for it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}