{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) Ayram leaving section in back of book}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) Check if Excising mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story fucks things up in the Journey chapter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) Final edit of later chapters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Work elrahet vision into earlier chapter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hammer her world weariness into her sphere of dead speech - Mini breakdown. Tears. No one is more tired of this mess than me. Its time for an end!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel says to Seb - I have to plug my ears when the woman speaks. Takes all of my power not to give myself away.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel reveals herself as moteah in the burgeon binger under the earth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb mentions something like, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93moteah had to ignore. She was only Moteah. Yes thats all she was. Sister of Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Consider Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interactions with Mandri\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Make the Hunger enter mandri in the Mazid making chapter}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Glamour as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91black magic\u8217\'92 - someone willing to change the expression of the allwhite. Elrahet does not do this; sacrilegous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PEL IS THE ONE THAT SAYS INDEED.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel, Silver hair.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 O P\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u257\'61rtha, how can a person who knows that the soul is indestructible, eternal, unborn and immutable kill anyone or cause anyone to kill? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 47: You have a right to perform your prescribed duty, but you are not entitled to the fruits of action. Never consider yourself the cause of the results of your activities, and never be attached to not doing your duty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 48: Perform your duty equipoised, O Arjuna, abandoning all attachment to success or failure. Such equanimity is called yoga.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 50: A man engaged in devotional service rids himself of both good and bad reactions even in this life. Therefore strive for yoga, which is the art of all work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 51: By thus engaging in devotional service to the Lord, great sages or devotees free themselves from the results of work in the material world. In this way they become free from the cycle of birth and death and attain the state beyond all miseries [by going back to Godhead].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 52: When your intelligence has passed out of the dense forest of delusion, you shall become indifferent to all that has been heard and all that is to be heard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One who is able to withdraw his senses from sense objects, as the tortoise draws its limbs within the shell, is firmly fixed in perfect consciousness. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 25: As the ignorant perform their duties with attachment to results, the learned may similarly act, but without attachment, for the sake of leading people on the right path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whenever and wherever there is a decline in religious practice, O descendant of Bharata, and a predominant rise of irreligion \endash  at that time I descend Myself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 8: To deliver the pious and to annihilate the miscreants, as well as to reestablish the principles of religion, I Myself appear, millennium after millennium.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 9: One who knows the transcendental nature of My appearance and activities does not, upon leaving the body, take his birth again in this material world, but attains My eternal abode, O Arjuna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 10: Being freed from attachment, fear and anger, being fully absorbed in Me and taking refuge in Me, many, many persons in the past became purified by knowledge of Me \endash  and thus they all attained transcendental love for Me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 27: Others, who are interested in achieving self-realization through control of the mind and senses, offer the functions of all the senses, and of the life breath, as oblations into the fire of the controlled mind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXTS 13-14: One should hold one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, neck and head erect in a straight line and stare steadily at the tip of the nose. Thus, with an unagitated, subdued mind, devoid of fear, completely free from sex life, one should meditate upon Me within the heart and make Me the ultimate goal of life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 15: Thus practicing constant control of the body, mind and activities, the mystic transcendentalist, his mind regulated, attains to the kingdom of God [or the abode of K\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u7771\'3F\u7779\'3F\u7751\'3Fa] by cessation of material existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 16: There is no possibility of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s becoming a yog\u299\'69, O Arjuna, if one eats too much or eats too little, sleeps too much or does not sleep enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 17: He who is regulated in his habits of eating, sleeping, recreation and work can mitigate all material pains by practicing the yoga system.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEXT 19: As a lamp in a windless place does not waver, so the transcendentalist, whose mind is controlled, remains always steady in his meditation on the transcendent Self. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am the original fragrance of the earth, and I am the heat in fire. I am the life of all that lives, and I am the penances of all ascetics. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 O son of P\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u7771\'3Fth\u257\'61, know that I am the original seed of all existences, the intelligence of the intelligent, and the prowess of all powerful men. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}