{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri made to shout, but of course, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He tried to warn Elrahet with a mighty glare, but the witch placed a cold hand upon on his cheek. The chill of her fingertips made him forget about everything. She folded him, again, into her spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She folded him into the clarity of her fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 A hallucination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Iron-red scleral veins pulsed through her rusted whites,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 folding him into the clarity of her fear,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into her meaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She dropped him onto a bed of spangled ferns}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She smothered him with sacred wet-breast groans}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She let him taste the joy of being human}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ecstasy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Clarity again, then a yielding:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to burgeon addled symmetries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri patterns swirling around black irises,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dissolving into paint on the pad of a finger, ten-hundred millennia ago}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All history drained into a wash of blue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All blue shifted into a vast and windswept sky}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All sky tessellated into cells with boundaries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Each cell unfurled to reveal a painted eye}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Each eye was a dimple on the wall of all of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 with corners curling backwards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into hidden dimensions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came a deleting flash of white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sun exploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 A spent hallucination}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri made to shout, but of course, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He tried to warn Elrahet with a mighty glare, but the witch placed a cold hand upon on his cheek. The chill of her fingertips made him he forget about everything. She folded him, again, into her spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She folded him into the clarity of her fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 A hallucination, he thought. A burgeon bitten dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Iron-red scleral veins pulsed through her rusted whites, folding him into the clarity of her fear, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into her meaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like this, she dropped him onto a bed of spangled ferns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She smothered him with sacred wet-breast groans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She let him taste the joy of being human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Clarity again, then a yielding:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To burgeon addled symmetries. These Old Jandri patterns swirled around black irises before dissolving into paint on the pad of a finger, ten-hundred millennia ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All of history drained into a wash of blue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All blue shifted into a vast and windswept sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All sky tessellated into cells with boundaries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri floundered as each cell split open to reveal a painted eye. Each eye was a dimple on the wall of all of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, with corners curling backwards into sacred dimensions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sun exploded in a deleting flash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 A spent hallucination, he thought.}}