{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sun bore down on him. The entire world was intent on wringing him dry. The cracked clay under his feet grew a few shades whiter with every step, reflecting the sun a few shades nearer unbearable. His face hardened into that familiar squint that every Outland poke wore. It pained him to look in any direction but down. This limitation added some difficulty to his quest of cataloging the effects of the burgeon, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to worry about this for long, because a few steps later the sun fell out of the sky and the whole world exploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He blinked in shock. This triggered another flash of light; a purer, shimmering light which flooded his sight from the periphery. He gasped and shut his eyes tight against this burning scour, but even with eyes closed, his vision boiled with a whiteness which churned and split into an iridescent whorl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he opened his eyes again, the world was not the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sand all around was rooted through with white rainbow filaments, like grass. They covered the rocks, carpeted the landscape into the horizon. Every surface was tufted with these flighty fibers, mostly finger-length, but some of grew up into to the sky, as tall as trees, thin strands bending long in the soaring wind, wiggling like tentacles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a vision beyond any he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever dreamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And there was Ayram, marching through it. His loping legs were brushing through this sea of iridescent threads, and they in turn yearned to touch him, only to be stretched and split. But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t only the world which wore these threads of purpose; Ayram\u8217\'92s giant pack bristled with rigid white fibrous spines which undulated with his every breath. And behold, behind this bristling shell, Ayram\u8217\'92s Spark was shimmering inside his stomach. It was a formless gray light, with edges glittering white, shifting into red, green, and blue. Thicker, more liquid lines, the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist, stretched out of this Spark and traced a route towards Moto, Elrahet, Moteah, and Seb. Their Sparks were all connected together in a kind of glimmering net, with the varying thickness from one-to-one measuring their affections.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thinner threads were attached to them as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s were not as stiff. His threads looked more like a web, for they stretched out towards everything, sticking to everything, his sister, mostly, but they also knotted up with the sand, the rocks, even sparkles in the sky. So enmeshed was he in the world, that every time he lifted his foot, hungry threads stretched up from the ground and latched onto the sole of his boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was lifeless in comparison. What few magic threads she wore hung limply down against her, looking like spotty locks of mangy fur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was much cleaner. Most of her threads wrapped back around her figure and stuck to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin. There he stared astonished, for he was not at all like the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Outlining his skin was a thin sheaf of vibrant air, saturated red, an otherworldly light. His skin itself was dark and washed with gold. If this were all, he might think himself a demon, but His veins were lines of glittering glory, each breath suffused his lungs with light, the many tendrils beside his bones pulsed magic right through him, down to his fingers and toes. He might have marked himself to be a god if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for the sight his stomach\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a black void weighing down transcendence. Its wrinkled shape was clutched by a hand whose threads of purpose lead back, of course, to Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was struck by an overwhelming urge to paint the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lamented the lack of materials. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If he had a stick of charcoal and a sheet of paper, he could start sketching right then and there. He knew that if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sketch this vision now, as he saw it, necessary details would be forgotten. One night\u8217\'92s sleep they\u8217\'92d be lost forever. That was terrifying, because this scene }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 needed }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to be recorded. Recorded by him, for his sight was the spindle which joined all these threads together, so only his hand could give them a sacred body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an image in a frame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one which could move about the world and inject the purpose of this exact moment into every future moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But how could he capture this light by scribbling with coal? Or even pigment?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reality conspired against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was hopeless to even try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep walking,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled as she passed him. The wind flicked the hem of her desert-bitten robe, stretching and snapping white filaments which stuck to Mandri\u8217\'92s hip. It suddenly became apparent that Elrahet\u8217\'92s Spark outshone them all. Indeed, her Spark nearly outshone the sun. More than anyone else, she was enmeshed in a complex web of thread. Her puff-robed silhouette was almost cocooned in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A vulture wheeled overhead. Mandri could just make out its Spark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were threads crossing underneath the sand, perhaps the paths of lizards, or snakes and beetles. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when he noticed the smaller, glimmering Sparks, all different colors, representing all manner of  desert creatures which he could not see. One of these Sparks was more interesting than most. It appeared to be an ordinary rock. A natural, red, sway-backed block of sandstone. The sand was littered with similar slumpy boulders, but only one had a Spark stuck inside its core, and it was a bright red Spark indeed, nearly as bright as  thread as bright as Elrahet\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked towards the rock to investigate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when he noticed that sound could affect these threads. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His own humming vibrated a sparkle in front of his face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a fly. The faint screech of the vulture above shivered threads dancing in the sky. The sizzle of sand grains sent the vast carpet of light in front of him buzzing. The thupping of leather-bound feet rippled it too. The sound of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scream sent it all into spasms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI!\u8221\'94}}