{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Moto would lead them into a dead end, and everyone hated him. Then Moto would lead them into a windowed hall flush with fresh night air, and everyone loved him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb tripped up and went sprawling down a stair, and Mandri hated her. Mandri slipped on a spot of Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spit, and, well, Mandri still hated her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Seb was the sole exception to this alternating}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was dragging them into the pits of exasperation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see your sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fumbled at his sword\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hilt. As he pulled it out he dropped it. It clanged on the stone floor, and in this cavernous hall the noise was magnified to a peal of thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto clenched his jaw tight and his eyes accused Mandri of dropping the sword on purpose. Then he lowered his torch to the blade and studied the sheen of light playing upon it. He was looking for signs of use.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  At pace, they reached the end of the hall unmolested, and uplifted there, on a narrow set of stairs, was a red sandstone throne.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The throne\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat and arms were featureless, fashioned from natural river-smoothed stone, while its back was a billowing slab carved to look like flame licked into a curl by an unseen wind. Etched into the wall behind was a ring of faces, faces inside of faces, much like the temple\u8217\'92s exterior\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 howling animals, untamed men, as well as snarling demons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92ll choose the stairs,\u8221\'94 said a grunt at the back of the crowd. He was a skinny, sickly type, with sunken eyes and fear-stricken demeanor, probably the weakest looking man to ever don the Skulsi cloak. He spoke in a hushed tone to the fellow nearest, who was none other than the Skulsi with the scarred forehead. This one was frowning deeply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Temples go up, not down,\u8221\'94 the scarred man said, clearly upset with the idea that this temple had been built upside down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92ll be down,\u8221\'94 said the fearful one. \u8220\'93Where else would a big demon sleep if not underneath the mountain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scarred man shrugged, then noticed Mandri out the corner of his eye and the lines in his forehead twisted into an angry knot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you been!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair, yanked downwards, then pulled Mandri\u8217\'92s whole gangly mass so close that their noses nearly kissed. It was then that Mandri began to wonder if this man really was an erstwhile Solitant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 s}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He eyed Mandri with a fuming anger that might have exploded if Elrahet hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t decided on a path to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew it\u8217\'92d be down,\u8221\'94 said the fearful Hrk as he watched Elrahet descend into the dark. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s always down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a growing tension in his chest, though he suspected that was more Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s doing. He glimpsed her only once amidst the stream of white cloaks between them. She just so happened to be staring right back at him. Her hand was gripping his heart tightly now. Her fingers squeezed as the hallway squeezed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were an idealized masculine pair, with chiseled calves, and their meaty feet were set some twenty yards apart, straddled the central scintillating vein of gold. Presumably, these legs were attached to the body of a giant. So massive were they, that the torchlight only reached their upper thigh. Ahead, in the dimness, was another set of stone legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These must be the gods,\u8221\'94 a soldier muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lesser gods,\u8221\'94 Elrahet replied as she led them onto the web of lines that crisscrossed the floor between the god\u8217\'92s feet. Presumably,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here, Elrahet picked up speed and purpose. It was an unnatural pace for the drilled Hrkan legs, and they kept bumping into each other. They might have kept formation if they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had the sense to watch where they were going. Mandri bumped into them too, but he had an excuse, because he possessed a superior imagination, and thus, was seeing things worth seeing up in that empty dark. There, roosting on the shoulders of the towering stone figures were the stone heads of a long-dead gods. If he squinted, he could just make out the hungry grins of a very alive and very nasty demons. He couldn\u8217\'92t truly see them, but he was certain they were there. Why else would he feel so outnumbered?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Spines and fluffy quills}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri began to suspect that this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forehead scars were a sign that he had mistaken himself for a goat and slammed his skull into someone else\u8217\'92s nose. On several occasions. This also explained why his eyes were so wide-set, because repeated attempts to flatten his face was sure to push them apart. His caprine aura was rounded out by the sense that to get near him was to approach a boundless rage trapped in a body that was amusingly unable to properly express it. Fearsome was he, hateful, proud, like every billy goat who ever tilted. He deserved wings, horns, talons, skin-ripping teeth. He deserved to be beheld. But he was smallest amongst his comrades. Out of mind. Left to watch over a prisoner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt pity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was no need to make this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life any harder than it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were both stains on the bottom of a boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, Mandri did as his captor demanded, and he set out after the rabble of Hrks. He did it as a favor. It was a favor which would never be repaid, or even noticed, but the important thing was that Mandri felt good about it. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were glittering flecks of gold on the floor as well. Soon the whole hall gleamed and sparkled. Surely this was the burgeonsight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came whispers from the Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They could see it, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri heard, or he imagined he heard, an argument over the many tells of imitation gold. He wondered why they bothered when there was a thin, spotty vein of the stuff running through the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They marched on, and that vein in the floor thickened. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into a solid, gleaming vein.  curved into the wall, where it looped, came back down, then spiraled around the narrowing corridor before splitting into jagged streaks like lightning.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , a man whose weak shoulders shrank under the weight of scrutiny. It was clear that he had forgotten to keep track of Seb and was hoping everyone else had forgotten too. And his general air of incompetence was not improved by the fact that his left eye socket was noticeably larger than his right. In less exciting times, the scrunched side of his face looked angry while the other side was serene. At the moment, both sides were positively afraid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle undressed him with a series of rhetorical questions, and when the soldier gave confused, mumbled responses, Pyetle exploded}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bad, bad time for the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye sight to blind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He readied himself to stab, but wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure his body was working.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could see the beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark floating inside its shell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A saturated orange Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shimmering white threads of purpose stretched out of it. Indeed, and wound through the net of fate which fixed the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were many other Sparks in this darkness. A great many.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At least four were straight above him, flanked by ten or twenty others crawling, presumably, on the ceiling. Each floting spark above was attached to predestined arcs of light which targeted the Sparked stomachs of the Hrkan men. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and this vibration Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole world, plunging him into a swirling sea of iridescent light. Form from distance, resolving into, what else, the shape of one of those Hag beetles scurrying towards him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  I have become the beginning of beauty, and will be its end!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rhythm. Swimming Fin. Upper feeding into lower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Erosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Antecline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dipping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Limestone wedge holding up the ridge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both Moteah and Moto had been busy protecting their witch from beetles.  They could deal with hag beetles easily enough, but this newborn was an enemy beyond them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go!\u8221\'94 Elrahet screamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah took off running towards the battle, her purpose clear. Moto cursed, half in acceptance of his doom, half because his sister had accepted hers first. He followed, and they got halfway towards resting battle when the demon noticed them. It gargled a hiss through its broken jaw and crouched down like a cat to retreat, its long tail was raised like that of a scorpion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}