{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/77035/pg77035-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/77035/pg77035-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Volume 1, Number 1, of the first American newspaper was published in Boston on September 25, 1690. It was called\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Publick Occurrences}{\f0\fs24\b0 . The second issue did not appear because the Governor and Council suppressed it. They found that Benjamin Harris, the editor, had printed \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93reflections of a very high nature.\u8221\'94\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/77035/pg77035-images.html#Footnote_1_1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 1]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Even to-day some of his reflections seem very high indeed. In his prospectus he had written:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That something may be done toward the Curing, or at least the Charming of that Spirit of Lying, which prevails amongst us, wherefore nothing shall be entered, but what\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 4]we have reason to believe is true, repairing to the best fountains for our Information. And when there appears any material mistake in anything that is collected, it shall be corrected in the next. Moreover, the Publisher of these Occurrences is willing to engage, that whereas, there are many False Reports, maliciously made, and spread among us, if any well-minded person will be at the pains to trace any such false Report, so far as to find out and Convict the First Raiser of it, he will in this Paper (unless just Advice be given to the contrary) expose the Name of such Person, as A malicious Raiser of a false Report. It is suppos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d that none will dislike this Proposal, but such as intend to be guilty of so villainous a Crime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Everywhere to-day men are conscious that somehow they must deal with questions more intricate than any that church or school had prepared them to understand. Increasingly they know that they cannot understand them if the facts are\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 5]not quickly and steadily available. Increasingly they are baffled because the facts are not available; and they are wondering whether government by consent can survive in a time when the}{\f0\fs24\b1  manufacture of consent}{\f0\fs24\b0  is an unregulated private enterprise. For in an exact sense the present crisis of western democracy is a crisis in journalism.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I do not agree with those who think that the sole cause is corruption. There is plenty of corruption, to be sure, moneyed control, caste pressure, financial and social bribery, ribbons, dinner parties, clubs, petty politics. The speculators in Russian rubles who lied on the Paris Bourse about the capture of Petrograd are not the only example of their species. And yet corruption does not explain the condition of modern journalism.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Since the war, especially, editors have come to believe that their highest duty is not to report but to instruct, not to print news but to save civilization, not to publish what Benjamin Harris calls \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the Circumstances of Publique Affairs, both abroad and at home,\u8221\'94 but to keep the nation on the straight and narrow path. Like the Kings of England, they have elected themselves Defenders of the Faith. \u8220\'93For five years,\u8221\'94 says Mr. Cobb of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 New York World}{\f0\fs24\b0 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93there has been no free play of public opinion in the world. Confronted by the inexorable necessities of war, governments conscripted public opinion.... They goose-stepped it. They taught it to stand at attention and salute.... It sometimes seems that after the armistice was signed, millions of Americans must have taken a vow that they would never again do any thinking\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 8]for themselves. They were willing to die for their country, but not willing to think for it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 That minority, which is proudly prepared to think for it, and not only prepared, but cocksure that it alone knows how to think for it, has adopted the theory that the public should know what is good for it.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The work of reporters has thus become confused with the work of preachers, revivalists, prophets and agitators. The current theory of American newspaperdom is that an abstraction like the truth and a grace like fairness must be sacrificed whenever anyone thinks the necessities of civilization require the sacrifice. To Archbishop Whately\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dictum that it matters greatly whether you put truth in the first place or the second, the candid expounder of modern journalism would reply that he put truth second to what he conceived to be the national interest.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 9]Judged simply by their product, men like Mr. Ochs or Viscount Northcliffe believe that their respective nations will perish and civilization decay unless their idea of what is patriotic is permitted to temper the curiosity of their readers.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Just as the most poisonous form of disorder is the mob incited from high places, the most immoral act the immorality of a government, so the most destructive form of untruth is sophistry and propaganda by those whose profession it is to report the news. The news\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 11]columns are common carriers. }{\f0\fs24\b1 When those who control them arrogate to themselves the right to determine by their own}{\f0\fs24\b0  consciences what shall be reported and for what purpose, democracy is unworkable. Public opinion is blockaded. For when a people can no longer confidently repair \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91to the best fountains for their information,\u8217\'92 then anyone\u8217\'92s guess and anyone\u8217\'92s rumor, each man\u8217\'92s hope and each man\u8217\'92s whim becomes the basis of government. All that the sharpest critics of democracy have alleged is true, if there is no steady supply of trustworthy and relevant news. Incompetence and aimlessness, corruption and disloyalty, panic and ultimate disaster, must come to any people which is denied an assured access to the facts. No one can manage anything on pap. Neither can a people.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From our recent experience it is clear that the traditional liberties of speech and opinion rest on no solid foundation. At a time when the world needs above all other things the activity of generous imaginations and the creative leadership of planning and inventive minds, our thinking is shriveled with panic. Time and energy that should go to building and restoring are instead consumed in warding off the pin-pricks of prejudice and fighting a guerilla war against misunderstanding and intolerance. For suppression is felt, not simply by the scattered individuals who are actually suppressed. It reaches back into the steadiest minds, creating tension\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 20]everywhere; and the tension of fear produces sterility. }{\f0\fs24\b1 Men cease to say what they think; and when they cease to say it, they soon cease to think it.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We are peculiarly inclined to suppress whatever impugns the security of that to which we have given our allegiance. If our loyalty is turned to what exists, intolerance begins at its frontiers; if it is turned, as Plato\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s was, to Utopia, we shall find Utopia defended with intolerance.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are, so far as I can discover, no absolutists of liberty; I can recall no doctrine of liberty, which, under the acid\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 22]test, does not become contingent upon some other ideal. The goal is never liberty, but liberty for something or other. For liberty is a condition under which activity takes place, and men\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interests attach themselves primarily to their activities and what is necessary to fulfill them, }{\f0\fs24\b1 not to the abstract requirements of any activity that might be conceived. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 And yet controversialists rarely take this into account. The battle is fought with banners on which are inscribed absolute and universal ideals. They are not absolute and universal in fact. No man has ever thought out an absolute or a universal ideal in politics, for the simple reason that nobody knows enough, or can know enough, to do it. But we all use absolutes, because an ideal which seems to exist apart from time, space, and circumstance has a prestige that no candid avowal of special purpose can\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 [}{\f0\fs24\b1 23]ever have. Looked at from one point of view universals are part of the fighting apparatus in men. What they desire enormously they easily come to call God\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s will, or their nation\u8217\'92s purpose. Looked at genetically, these idealizations are probably born in that spiritual reverie where all men live most of the time. In reverie there is neither time, space, nor particular reference, and hope is omnipotent. This omnipotence, which is denied to them in action, nevertheless illuminates activity with a sense of utter and irresistible value. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The classic doctrine of liberty consists of absolutes. It consists of them except at the critical points where the author has come into contact with objective difficulties. Then he introduces into the argument, somewhat furtively, a reservation which liquidates its universal meaning and reduces the exalted plea for\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 24]liberty in general to a special argument for the success of a special purpose.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are at the present time, for instance, no more fervent champions of liberty than the western sympathizers with the Russian Soviet government. Why is it that they are indignant when Mr. Burleson suppresses a newspaper and complacent when Lenin does? And,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 vice versa}{\f0\fs24\b0 , why is it that the anti-Bolshevist forces in the world are in favor of restricting constitutional liberty as a preliminary to establishing genuine liberty in Russia? Clearly the argument about liberty has little actual relation to the existence of it. It is the purpose of the social conflict, not the freedom of opinion, that lies close to the heart of the partisans. The word liberty is a weapon and an advertisement, but certainly not an ideal which transcends all special aims.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 If there were any man who believed in liberty apart from particular purposes, that man would be a hermit contemplating all existence with a hopeful and neutral eye. For him, in the last analysis, there could be nothing worth resisting, nothing particularly worth attaining, nothing particularly worth defending, not even the right of hermits to contemplate existence with a cold and neutral eye.}{\f0\fs24\b0  He would be loyal simply to the possibilities of the human spirit, even to those possibilities which most seriously impair its variety and its health. No such man has yet counted much in the history of politics. For what every theorist of liberty has meant is that certain types of behavior and classes of opinion hitherto regulated should be somewhat differently regulated in the future. What each seems to say is that opinion and action should be free; that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 26]liberty is the highest and most sacred interest of life. But somewhere each of them inserts a weasel clause to the effect that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93of course\u8221\'94 the freedom granted shall not be employed too destructively. It is this clause which checks exuberance and reminds us that, in spite of appearances, we are listening to finite men pleading a special cause.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 If we substitute the word indifference for the word liberty, we shall come much closer to the real intention that lies behind\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 [}{\f0\fs24\b1 29]the classic argument. Liberty is to be permitted where differences are of no great moment. It is this definition which has generally guided practice. In times when men feel themselves secure, heresy is cultivated as the spice of life. During a war liberty disappears as the community feels itself menaced. When revolution seems to be contagious, heresy-hunting is a respectable occupation. In other words, when men are not afraid, they are not afraid of ideas; when they are much afraid, they are afraid of anything that seems, or can even be made to appear, seditious. That is why nine-tenths of the effort to live and let live consists in proving that the thing we wish to have tolerated is really a matter of indifference. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The moral is, not that Milton, Mill, and Bertrand Russell are inconsistent, or that liberty is to be obtained by arguing for it without qualifications. The impulse to what we call liberty is as strong in these three men as it is ever likely to be in our society. The moral is of another kind. It is that the traditional core of liberty, namely, the notion of indifference, is too feeble and unreal a doctrine to protect the purpose of liberty, which is the furnishing of a healthy environment in which human judgment and inquiry can most successfully organize human life. Too feeble, because in time of stress nothing is easier than to insist, and by insistence to convince, that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 36]tolerated indifference is no longer tolerable because it has ceased to be indifferent.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 It is clear that in a society where public opinion has become decisive, nothing that counts in the formation of it can really be a matter of indifference. When I say \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93can be,\u8221\'94 I am speaking literally. What men believed about the constitution of heaven became a matter of indifference when heaven disappeared in metaphysics; but what they believe about property, government, conscription, taxation, the origins of the late war, or the origins of the Franco-Prussian War, or the distribution of Latin culture in the vicinity of copper mines, constitutes the difference between life and death, prosperity and misfortune, and it will never on this earth be tolerated as indifferent, or not interfered with, no matter how many noble arguments are\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 [}{\f0\fs24\b1 37]made for liberty, or how many martyrs give their lives for it. If widespread tolerance of opposing views is to be achieved in modern society, it will not be simply by fighting the Debs\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92 cases through the courts, and certainly not by threatening to upset those courts if they do not yield to the agitation. The task is fundamentally of another order, requiring other methods and other theories. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The world about which each man is supposed to have opinions has become so complicated as to defy his powers of understanding. What he knows of events that matter enormously to him, the purposes of governments, the aspirations of peoples, the struggle of classes, he knows at second, third, or fourth hand. He cannot go and see for himself. Even the things that are near to him have become too involved for his judgment. I know of no man, even among those who devote\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 38]all of their time to watching public affairs, who can even pretend to keep track, at the same time, of his city government, his state government, Congress, the departments, the industrial situation, and the rest of the world. What men who make the study of politics a vocation cannot do, the man who has an hour a day for newspapers and talk cannot possibly hope to do. He must seize catchwords and headlines or nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This vast elaboration of the subject-matter of politics is the root of the whole problem. News comes from a distance; it comes helter-skelter, in inconceivable confusion; it deals with matters that are not easily understood; it arrives and is assimilated by busy and tired people who must take what is given to them. Any lawyer with a sense of evidence knows how unreliable such information must necessarily be.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 The taking of testimony in a trial is hedged about with a thousand precautions derived from long experience of the fallibility of the witness and the prejudices of the jury. We call this, and rightly, a fundamental phase of human liberty. But in public affairs the stake is infinitely greater. It involves the lives of millions, and the fortune of everybody. The jury is the whole community, not even the qualified voters alone. The jury is everybody who creates public sentiment\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 chattering gossips, unscrupulous liars, congenital liars, feeble-minded people, prostitute minds, corrupting agents. To this jury any testimony is submitted, is submitted in any form, by any anonymous person, with no test of reliability, no test of credibility, and no penalty for perjury. If I lie in a lawsuit involving the fate of my neighbor\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s cow, I can go to jail. But if I lie to a million\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 [}{\f0\fs24\b1 40]readers in a matter involving war and peace, I can lie my head off, and, if I choose the right series of lies, be entirely irresponsible. Nobody will punish me if I lie about Japan, for example. I can announce that every Japanese valet is a reservist, and every Japanese art store a mobilization center. I am immune. And if there should be hostilities with Japan, the more I lied the more popular I should be. If I asserted that the Japanese secretly drank the blood of children, that Japanese women were unchaste, that the Japanese were really not a branch of the human race after all, I guarantee that most of the newspapers would print it eagerly, and that I could get a hearing in churches all over the country. And all this for the simple reason that the public, when it is dependent on testimony and protected by no rules of evidence, can act only on the\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 [}{\f0\fs24\b1 41]excitement of its pugnacities and its hopes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, men who have lost their grip upon the relevant facts of their environment are the inevitable victims of agitation and propaganda. The quack, the charlatan, the jingo, and the terrorist, can flourish only where the audience is deprived of independent access to information.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 55]But where all news comes at second-hand, where all the testimony is uncertain, men cease to respond to truths, and respond simply to opinions. The environment in which they act is not the realities themselves, but the pseudo-environment of reports, rumors, and guesses. The whole reference of thought comes to be what somebody asserts, not what actually is. Men ask, not whether such and such a thing occurred in Russia, but whether Mr. Raymond Robins is at heart more friendly to the Bolsheviki than Mr. Jerome Landfield. And so, since they are deprived of any trustworthy means of knowing what is really going on, since everything is on the plane of assertion and propaganda, they believe whatever fits most comfortably with their prepossessions.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 War and Revolution, both of them founded on censorship and propaganda, are the supreme destroyers of realistic thinking, because the excess of danger and the fearful overstimulation of passion unsettle disciplined behavior. Both\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 57]}{\f0\fs24\b1 breed fanatics of all kinds, men who, in the words of Mr. Santayana, have redoubled their effort when they have forgotten their aim.\~ }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The effort itself has become the aim. Men live in their effort, and for a time find great exaltation. They seek stimulation of their effort rather than direction of it. That is why both in war and revolution there seems to operate a kind of Gresham\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Law of the emotions, in which leadership passes by a swift degradation from a Mirabeau to a Robespierre; and in war, from a high-minded statesmanship to the depths of virulent, hating jingoism.}
\par\plain {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1}