{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 W.H.Chamberlin, who in twelve years in russia as a n american correspondent had seen all his ideals shattered, summed up the conclusions of his studies there and in germany and italy in the statemtnt that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91socialism is certain to prove in the beginning at least, the road not to freedom, but to dictatorship and counter dictatorships, to civil war of the fiercest kind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 F.A. Voigt, after many years of close observation of developments in europe as a foreign correspondent, concludes that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxism has led to Fascism and National Socialism.\u8221\'94 And walter Lippmann has arrived at the conviction that \u8220\'93the generation to which we belong is now learning from experience what happens when men retreat from freedom to a acoercive organization of their affairs. Though they promise themselves a more abundant life, they must in practice renounce it; as the organized direction increases, the variety of ends must give way to uniformity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93THe complete collapse of the belief in the attainability of freedom and equality through marxism,\u8221\'94 writes Peter drucker, \u8220\'93has forced russia to travel the same road toward a totalitarian, purely negative, non-economic society of unfreedom and inequality which germany has been following. Not that communism and fascism are essentially the same. Fascismis the stage reached after communism has proved an illusion, and it has proved as much an illusion in stalinist russia as in pre-hitler germany.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The relative ease with which a young communist could be converted into a naxi or vice versa was generally known in germany, best of all to the propagandists of the two parties. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is true, of course, that in Germany before 1933, and in Italy before 1922, communists and Nzis or Fascists clashed more frequently with each other than with other parties. They competed for the support of the same type of mind and reserved for each other the hatred of the heretic. But their practice showed how closely they are related. To both, the real enemy, the man with whom they had nothing in common and whom they could not hope to convince, is the liberal of theo ld type. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elie Halevy - the socialists believe in two theings which are absolutely different and perhaps even contradictory: freedom and organization.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}