{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red213\green219\blue206;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Paul Kriwaczek}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The mystique of an old, old relic is in the person who made it. The object itself becomes cliche - almost part of the background. But the provenonce makes it magical. The hand that carved it, touched it. A hundred thousand years ago.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord of the four quarters of the earth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A ruined fort topping a hillock near the center of a dried out lake. The loose sandy mounds are torn every winter by rain-floods\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 carrying with them the remains of all ages. Even the river that once made eridu habitable is now distant and out of sight.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salt swell of the gulf just to the south. Extensive sea-marshes teeming with enough fish, flesh and fowl to support a thriving human population. Back until the desert sands of modern iraq\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 province revert to a grassy and shrubby steppe supporting tribes of sheep and goat-herders who travel a migratory path to and from the sparkling lakes of what is today the grat an-nafud sand sea of saudi arabia. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Reed huts by the water\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s edge. Fields of wheat and barley, date palms, animals out to graze on the steppe. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In southern mesopotamia, well inside the curve (out of the fertile crescent), hardly any rain falls for most of the year. Here the newcomers had only the rivers to water their crops, and do even that they had first to reshape the very land itself, with levees, dykes, ditches, reservoirs and canals.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Elsewhere, people lived lives of subsistence agriculture, finely attuned to their needs and desires, a lifestyle that would hardly change in its essentials until nearly our own times. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But those who came to south mesopotamia came were not interested in doing as their ancestors had done, adapting their manner of living to fit into the natural world as they found it. Instead they were determined to adapt their environment to suit their way of life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With the city came the centralized state, the hierarchy of social classes, the division of labour, organized religion, monumental building, civil engineering, writing, lit, sculpture, art, music education, math, law, wheeled vehicles, sailing boats, potter\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s kiln, metallurgy, synthetic materials. Concept of Numbers, weight, etc.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soviet assyriologists, - the birth of the most ancient class societies and the first centres of slave-owning civilization.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Currently, climate change, epochs of hotter and drier weeather alternating with wetter and cooler periods, prompted humans to adapt their way of living. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All these explanations treat people as passive objects, recipients of outside influences, targets of the workings of eternal forces, compliant tools of outside agencies. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The actual story would have to allow for the everlasting conflict between progressives and conservatives, between the forward and the backward looking, between those who propose \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91let\u8217\'92s do something new\u8217\'92, and those who think \u8216\'91the old ways are best\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91lets improve\u8217\'92 vs. \u8216\'91If it ain\u8217\'92t broke, don\u8217\'92t fix it\u8217\'92.  No great shift in culture ever took place without such a contest.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The neolithic revolution that took our ancestors from hunting and gathering in small kinship-based bands to a settled, communal village life of subsistence agriculture was the greatest ever mass-destroyer of skills, cultures and languages in human history. No band of hunter gatherers can have simply given up all they knew and settled down to sedentary farming without engaging in a giant battle of ideas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To the author of Genesis, the neolithic revolution signified the fall of man: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life. Thorns and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat of the herb of the field. In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread.\u8217\'92\u8230\'85colin tudge: \u8216\'91farming in neolithic times was obviously harsh: the first farming peoples were less robust than the hunter-gatherers who had preceded them, and suffered nutritional, traumatic and infectious disorders that their forebears had been spared.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In this light it seems that the momentous change to agriculture as the basis of life can only have been driven by the spread of a powerful new ideology, necessarily in those days expressed in the form a new religion, propogated with, as Jacques Cauvin put it, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91messianic self-confience\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ****As the archaeologists dug int John Taylor\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gigantic ruined fort, which they were now able to date to the twenty-first century BCe, they uncovered a much earlier and smaller building under one corner, dating from nearly 2,000 years before that. Beneath this they found yet another sixteen levels of habitation, going right back to the beginning of the fifth millennium BCE, when they finally reached a \u8216\'91dune of clean sand\u8217\'92 on which had first been erected \u8216\'91a primitive chapel\u8217\'92, a little over ten feet square,constructed of sun-dried brick, with a votive pedestal facing the entrance and a recessed niche, perhaps for a sculptured image.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mesopotamia acted as a kind of experimental laboratory for civilization, testing, often to destruction, many kinds of religion, from early personifications of natural forces to full-blown temple priesthood and even monotheism;from state planning to neo-liberal privatization. Primitive democracy, consultative monarcy, ruthless tyranny, expansive imperialism. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sun dried brick demands constant maintenance if it is not to recycle itself back into the ground - it was lack of repair, not destruction, that crumbled most of the ancient cities of sumer into mounds of dust.  Shows the ideology of progress; the belief that it was both possible and desirable continually to improve on what had gone before, that the future could and should be better - and bigger- than the past. The divine power celebrated and honoured here was the epression, embodiment and personification of that idea: no less than the god or goddess of civilization.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 City names were written with a sign denoting \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91god\u8217\'92, a sign for then ame of the god, and the sign for \u8216\'91place\u8217\'92: nippur was written God.Enlil.Place}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The numinous inner will-to-form of the deep came to be seen as a gigantic ibex, teh antlers of which showed above the water as reeds.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 - capricorn, a horned goat above the water-line, a fish below it}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eridu was pictured as wearing a flounced woolen robe and horned crown of divinity, two streams of fish-filled water, the euphrates and the tigris, }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Genesis makes him the son of cain: and unto enoch [enki] was born irad [eridu]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mesopotamians recognized enki as the god who brings civilization to humankind. It is he who gives rulers their intelligence and knowledge; he opens the doors of understanding; teaches humans how to construct canals and plan temples, putting their foundation pegs in exactly the right places; he brings forth abundance in the waters; not the ruler of the universe but the gods wise counsellor and elder brother; he is lord of the assembly; he is nudimmud, the shaper, the fashioner of images, the patron of artisans and craftsmen. It was he who divided the speech of mankind. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The great goddess, she whose origins lie in the old stone age, threefold divinity of womanhood: virgin, mother, whore.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As mother - the nurturing cow, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91the beautiful cow to whom the moon god in the form of a strong bull sent healing oils. Divine milk was the nourishment of royalty. The gate of the cattle pen. Porte of mesopotamia. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At Unug, the great goddess was celebrated under the name Inanna. But here it was her harlotry, her aspect as whore, that was most emphasized. Cities were always, until modern times, greater consumers rather than producers of humanity. The people who thronged the narrow lanes between high walls, cheek by jowl with the poultry and livestock from which most human epidemics spread, did not live long. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91One-third of all babies perished before their first birthday; half of all children died before five; on third of population under 15. Fewer than 10 per cent were over 55. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In southern mesopotaia, slow-moving or stagnant waters of the marches, canals and ditches must have kept the prevalence of mosquito borne disease, malaria, and swamp-fever at a constant high. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sumerian cities were sometimes abandoned for years or decades, occasionally centuries before being reoccupied. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Colossal death rate put huge reproductive pressure on both women and men. Libido, the urge for sex, was of paramount importance in maintaining the population. The powers of Inanna, who controlled the compulsion to copulate, whom in these more decorous days we describe as the goddess of love, was all that stood between surviavl and extinction. Make babies or disappear.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Uruk was a city of vibrant public life, where coracles and punts laden with produce bumped along canals that did service for main streets, as if in an antediluvian venice; where porters bearing giant loads on their backs elbowed their way through alleyways thronged with priests and bureaucrats, students, workers and slaves, where processions and celebrations vied for space with prostitutes and street gangs. Conduits and tanks built of waterproof kiln-baked bricks, green and shady public gardens. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 See: Mesopotamia, the invention of the city by gwendolyn leick. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At times must have seemed like one gigantic building site, echoing with the banging and shouting of carpenters and scaffolders, of brick-makers and brick-layers, of plasterers and mosaic artists, and of masons skilled in working the stone importeted from teh far west. Driven by that passiosn for novelty, the compulsion to put hte old behind them, to renew and innovate, that was the special signature of mesopotamian city life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Huge embedded pillars of the colonnade, 2 meters in diameter and built of sun-dried bricks internally reinforced with tightly bound bundles of reeds, protected from surface damge by backed clay cones, shaped like oversized golf tees and coloured red, white and black, hammered into the surface in tightly packed arrangements that mimicked the patterns on woven reed matting. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walls decorated with coloured stones set into plaster: new cast concrete, prepared by mixing powdered baked brick with gypsum plaster. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The labour that went into the repeated reconstruction of these buildings was immense: many millions of work hours. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 See: warka mask - depiction of innana.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The lips have no need to part for us to hear what she has to say; their undulation, complemented by the ripple of the cheeks, speaks for itself.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Above it are fields and orchards, stalks of barley alternating with dat palms. Over these romas the sacred flock, fleecy sheep among bearded and wide-horned rams. Now comes a human procession: ten men shuffle forward, naked and shaven, each holding a basket, jug or pottery container heaped with the fruits of earth, tree and vine; priests, perhaps, or temple servants. At the sacred site, signalled by the looped reed-bundles of its ceremonial doorway. A welcoming female figure, the high preistess who represents the goddess, stands outside wearing an angle length robe, holding out her right hand in a thumbs up gesture of greeting or blessing. She receives a container of offerings from the hands of the leader of the naked men, behind whom once stood a figure whose image was broke away. All that remans is a bare foot, the fringed hem of a garmet and an elaborate tasselled belet held up by a formally clothed female retainer. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We guess it is the priest-king. A bull\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head, a ram, a lion cub, and two women holding objects. Some maintain that the scene depcts the ruler of the city offering sacrifice to its founding goddess. Some that it represents a seasonal harvest festival. Others, a stage in the mystic marriage, the hieros gamos, in which two humans, high-priest and high-priestess, couple with each other publicly, in emulation of the great goddess and her spouse. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Depilated - no hair}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Those societies in which seriousness, tradition, conformity and adherence to long-established - often godprescribed - ways of doing things are strictly enforced rul, ahve always been the majority across time and throughout the world. Such peopleare not known for their sense of humour and lightness of touch; they rarely break a smile. To them, change is always suspect and usually damnable, and they hardly ever contribute to human development.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Urban revolution. People were allowed to play, to create. As big as the industrial revolution.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Potters kiln, textile loom, plough, seed-drill, farm cart, wind vane, sailing boat, harp, lyer lute, fired bricks, vault, true arch.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Streets, fields canal banks - the wheel.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mesopotamian beehive shaped kiln, vent at the top and a perforated floor separating the fuel from the firing chamber. Other wise its uneven firing, smudges, smuts and smeeches.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now Aratta\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s battlements are of green lapis lazuli, its walls and its towering brickwork are bright red\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A filthy cavernous shack, filled with smoke and choking chemical fumes, thin shafts of sunlight bursting through breaks in the roof, competing with th eblinding glare of the white-hot furnace in the corner. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primitive democracy - ruler had to consult the convened assembly of his city\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s elders.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In villages \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91what do you do\u8217\'92 was never a necessary question; in the city it was important.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bevelled-rim bowls piled high}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just as asimple accounting technique into an effective medium of communication (writing) -clay tokens was elaborated into writing -  so to did electro-mechanical punched card tabulator designed by mining engineer in 1890 for us census, began process which led to information age.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Between the era of myth and the time of legend faalls the deluge; between the oral tradition and the written record lies the flood. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Potential flooding of the persian gulf, which had been a dry river valley until the rising Arabian Sea overtopped the rocky shelf across teh straits of hormuz. 10,000 bce.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Breaching of the bosporus by the mediterranean sea, inundated the black sea basin - 7500}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Similarities - the warning to one man to be saved, construction fo a huge vessel, the storm, the flood, the abatement of the waters, the grounding on a mountain, the sending out of birds: a raven, a dove. Dove found no resting place and returned. Offering of a sacrifice of which god, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91smelled the sweet savour\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ziudsua, then Atrahasis,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Big difference is that god wanted to destroy humanity because they were being too loud, too much noise (too much sacrifice going on for enlil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s comfort) - in noah its because of wickedness}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 T the Sumerians, the Deluge was the boundary marker that separated the preliterate from the literate period, the age of folklore from the era of history. It was the gulf that lay between the time when all mesopotamia followed uruk\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cultural and ideological lead, and the following epoch when Sumer was a land of separate city-states, each pursuing its own destiny. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  PURsuE this idea of cataclysmic event altering the destiny of the region. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Stories of the Quake.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If history begins with writing, then the birth, rise and fall of ancient mesopotamia occupies a full half of all history.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Momentus changes around 3000 bc. Suddenly, or so it seems, contact between the many ceentres of civilization ceased. Trade routes, outposts, towns and villages went back to former ways, older dietary preferences, accounting abandond, writing forgotten.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Typical were the rampanrts, ten feet thick, topped with watchtowers and pierced by gates, doubled by a solid brick wall fifteen feet behind it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What begins as willing acceptance of a utopian ideology can all too often end in resistance and revolt. The tyranny that ensues is almost always unstable and increasing poverty is usually the result.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The 3-metre high city wall had been breache by a heavy bombardment of slingshot balls, the buildings set on fire and the inhabitants massacred. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 NAM GIS SITA - lord of the mace. A title which in later ages meant king.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salination, bringing up mineral salts from the subsoil to the surface soil, which ruins lan, is a hazard of irrigation. Dealt with this by leaving fields fallow ever other year.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mcguire Gibson , U o Chicago:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As a result of irrigation, the water table ina field approaching harvest lies about half a metre below the surface\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 wild plants tdraw moisture from the water table and gradually dry out the subsoil until winter\u8230\'85 in the spring, since the field is not being irrigated, the plants continue to dry out the subsoil to a depth of two metres\u8230\'85 since they are legumes, the plants also replenish the land with nitrogen, and retard the wind erosion of the topsoil. In the automn, when the field is once again to be cultivated, the dryness of the subsoil allows the irrigation water to leach salt from the surface and carry it below, where it is normally trapped and harmless.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91A\u8217\'92 meant water, canal, flood, tears, semen, offspring or father; \u8220\'93e\u8217\'92 was house, temple or plot of land; \u8216\'91U\u8217\'92 was plant, vegetable, grass, food bread, pasture, load, sleep, strong, powerful, to nourish or support. These could then be joined together to make further words: \u8216\'91e\u8217\'92 (house), plus \u8216\'91an\u8217\'92 (sky or heaven), gave Eanna, House of Heaven, the great goddess\u8217\'92s temple; \u8216\'91lu\u8217\'92 (man), plus \u8216\'91gal\u8217\'92 (big), made \u8216\'91lugal\u8217\'92, big man, lord or king.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The black fields became white,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The broad plain was choked with salt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For one year they ate grass;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the second year they suffered the itch.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The third year came.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Their features were twisted by hunger,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On the verge of death.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Complex societies are delicate machines. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For want of a nail the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horseshoe"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 shoe}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~was lost.\line For want of a shoe the horse was lost.\line For want of a horse the rider was lost.\line For want of a rider the message was lost.\line For want of a message the battle was lost.\line For want of a battle the kingdom was lost.\line And all for the want of a horseshoe nail. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Civilazitions based on ideology are even more fragile than most. Once people stop believeing in the system, the end is near;}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It took no more than a few centuries for the city-state, familiar from classical greece to, for warlords and kings to replace temple priests as dominant powers, for the relatively egalitarian society of religious rule to fragment into classes of rich and poor, weak and strong.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Every morning for several thousand years, farmers and herdsmen trailed out at first light from their town-houses along these pathst to their plots, and then returned as the day began to fade, leaving the surface of the soil where they walked flattened, hardened, and sunk below the level of the plain by a foot or two.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Daily exodus to the fields in the dawn light. Walking alongside farmers dressed in their linnen or wool sarongs, carrying their hoes, rake, clod-mallets, and ditch-spades over their shoulders, some leading panniered donkeys or dangling their legs over the sides of creaking ox-carts with four solid wooden wheels, each cleverly crafted from three sections - a simple slice of log would allow the soft outer sapwood to wear away too quickly.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now you pass out through the high gateway that pierces the towering brick wall of your home city. Immediately beyond you find orchards and vegetable gardens, planted with apple trees and grapevines for fruit, as well as flax and sesame for fibre and oil, and a plentiful variety of vegetables and legumes , beans, chickpeas, cucumber, garlic, leeks, lentils, lettuce, mustard, onions, turnips, and watercress, plus diverse herbs and spices like corianer, cumin, mint, and juniper berries. Ducks and gees raised for eggs adn meat, eventually joined by chickens somehwat later. Here and there stand isolated groves, mostely date palms, important to the local diet, although you would also see poplar, willow tamarisk and dogwood, grown for timber, which is always in short supply. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As you leave the city behind, you pass field upon field of grain, stretching away as far as your eyes can see on either  side of the trackway. More barley than wheat, because barley is more salt tolerant, and the land has never fully recovered from the salination of the previous era. A network of broad and navigable canals, narrower flumes, tight and muddy ditches, finger their way among the fields to water the crop that is the staff of sumerian life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Household sewage had been piped directly into the watercourses through an elaborate disposal system of baked-clay piping, with each house having pipes draining both waste and storm water int oa sewer under the street outside. These were connected to form a city-wide wast disposal system with its outfall sloping parallel to the natural fallof the ground, the outlet being located well beyond the city walls.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beer, with its weak alchohol content, was the safest to drink. Often drunk through straws from large containers - suggest it had particles and grit that were excluded by the straw. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Legumes - beans, nitrogenate the soil. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Human predators are a regular risk, coming down from the higlands. During harvest, you need armed men close by for protection. The danger of attack is greatest in the north. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lugal - chief, king, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91big man\u8217\'92\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  ayram!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the sumerian times, politics, and its extension, war, were perceived to be the business of the gods; men acted only on the gods behalf. Thus the Sumerian Hundred Years War was between Ningirsu of Lagash and the god Shara of Umma. Men fought and died and cities were destroyed, but the actual argument was between the gods. Was fought over a patch of land, called Gu-Edin, the edge of hte steppe. Grazing landn for animals was always in shorter supply and more contested than plots for raising crops. With the land immediate given over to the growing of grain, livestock had to be fed on the steppe beyond. But cattle and sheep, if contained within too small an area, quickly reduce it to uselessness. Cattle eat the green leaves of bushes and trees and also bark, while sheep nibble newly growing shoots and undergrowth. Once the natural herbage of the steppe has been destroyed by the flocks, the only use fr the land is to give it over to agriculture. Thus, two cities which may initially have been at a comfortable distance apart would find themselves in dispute, not over agri land, but for residual steppe used for grazing. Separation by 30 km led them to collision.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At the command of his god, the ensi [governor] ush of umma raided and devoured the gu-edin, the irrigated land, the field beloved of ningirsu, ripped out the boundary marker and entered the territory of lagash. Lagash responded by turning out to battle behind their leader, eannatum, who, by the word of the god enlil, hurled the great net upon them and heaped up their bodies in the plain\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Stele of vultures.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Slinger is superior to arrow - 100 - 150 meters per second - longbow 60 mps.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Greater range - half a km, because an arrows flight feathers produce so much cdrag. - but}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hamoukar projectiels - pointed shape - could be armour-piercing. Had a technique for sending them off with a spin, like a rifle bullet, so as to keep them properly oriented during their flight to the target. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Down into the open pit, with its mat-covered door and mat-lined walls, empty and unfurnished, there comes a procession of people, the members of the dead ruler\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s court, soldiers, men servants and women, the later in all their finery of garmets and dead dresses of carnelian dn lapis lazuli, silver and gold, officers with the insignia of their rank, musicians with harps and lyres, and then, driven or backed down the slope, the chariots drawn by oxen or asses, the drivers, the grooms holding the heads of the draught animals, and all take up their allotted places at the bottom of the shaft, and finally, a guard of soldiers forms up at the entrance. There would seem to have ben some kind of service down there, at least it is certain that the musicians played up to the last, then they each drank a poison which they had brought with them or found prepared for them, and lay down and composed themselves for death.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The rites come first and the beliefs are later develope to eplain and sustain them - teleology, its called.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bruce Dickson - theaters of cruelty: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93state power united with supernatural authority can create extraordinarily powerful sacred or dviine kingdomes, they are obliged to practise acts of public mystification, of which the royal graves are eamples. The graves themselves are part of the effort made by urs rulers to establish the legitimacy of their governance by demonstrating their sacred, holy, and non-ordinary status. E.g. public punishment of william wallace, dragged naked behind a horse through the city of london to the market at smithfield, where he was hanged, cut own while still living, castrated, disembowelled, innards burned before his eyes before being decapitated - turn a commonplace offence - military resistance - into a crime of spiritual proportions: treason against a divinely appointed ruler.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The underworld is poor accommodation - nothing decent to eat: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91the food of the netherworld is brackish\u8217\'92 says the death of ur-nammu - we would not be surprised to find lower orders of society happily exchanging that unwelcome outlook for a brighter future spent serving their betters in the realm of the gods.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Superintendent of the boatmen, cattle inspector, fisheries regulator, the ruler and his family had expropriated most of the best city land. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91The oxen of the gods ploughed the ruler\u8217\'92s onion patches;\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A priest could enter a poor man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s garden and cut down his trees or take away his fruit at will. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amargi - freedom}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 1,100 as the crow flies, on foot? 1,600 km}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Baby in a basket of reeds was a mesopotamian invention long before hebrews and moses. Writtne 1,000 years after sargon, but long before moses, }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Those led by heroes of such greatness followed them neither out of fear, nor out of love, and certainly not out of confidence in the excellence and efficiency of their aministration, but in awe of their heroism and bedazzled by their splendour, craving to bath, if but for a few moments, in whatever beams of reflected glory might chance to fall their way.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is hard to display detached insouciance and effortless superiority while brawling with a spear, a mace, or even a flint dagger. Bronze technology makes possible the sword, the close-quarter weapon par exellence, which raises man-to-man combat above the level of crude, inelegante and brutish rough-and-tumble.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pride- like a horse swishing its tail on the highway}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Monumetal shift - people not gods the principle subject of the mesopotamin story. Humanity was now in control. Became rulers of their own destiny. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Enheduana - first named literary author in history. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He stripped me of the rightful crown of the en-priestess.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He made me walk through the thron bushes of the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He gave me a knife and dagger, }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Saying \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91these are now the appropriate ornaments for you.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Valuables, goods and materials from the entire wider region poured in. Docked at akkad\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s quaysides and unloaded their treasures; foreing mariners speaking in strange accents thronged the streets near the harbours. Barges laden to the gunwales with grain from distant rain watered farms far beyoned the alluvial plain daily arrived inthe harbour, unshimppted their cargoes and were dismantled, the wood destined for recycling in expansive local building projects. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The softer arts are essential for maintaining peace and order across their domains.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A group of magnificent buildings stood on the acropolis. Equipped with all the facilities; grain silos, religious cult platform, school, bathhouse, fortified admin office block, and areas of garden.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The excavators found that the foundations had been laid, the walls partially erected and rendered, when the workers downed tools and left. Several basalt boulders were situated to the south-east of the building near a partially built wll, abandoned several meters from its corner wall. These boulders were in various stages of preparation, some aldready worked into usable blocks, some with visible chisel marks but not yet a usuable shape, and some still unsowrked.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Refer to the Guti (people who conqured sargons empire) as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91fanged snake of the mountains) people who are not considered part of the land. Because of them, \u8216\'91grass grew on the highways of hte land\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most transactions were records of state - makes civ look beureaucratic, and state run - but most trade took place outside the state system and went unrecorded.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nonetheless, the neo-sumerian state was centrally controlled. Like communisim, supported by totalitarian ideologies, used to explain and justify social and economic arrangements. Centralized economies that in theory took from each according to ability, and gave to each according to needs - though in UR III, some were always more equal than others. Cities were made up of various groups, which could be familial, ethnic, residential, or professional. An individual outside these groups did not have a means to participate in the social and political life of the town.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The state owned all the land and productive resources. Ever memberr of the populace was under obligation to serve the state for at least part of the year. Tax-and-redistribute policy- every province pay grain and livestock into a central resource - by some estimates amounting to nearly half their production.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An entire urban centre, puzrish-dagan, also knkown as drehem, about 11 km south of nippur, dedicated to the collection and distribution of taxed commodities. A score of animals delivered to or dispatched from there every day. A state sheep-run near lagash maintained more than 22,000 sheep, nearly 1,000 cows, and 1,500 oxen.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Reminded of system of compulsory deliveries which operated, at different times and in various forms, in the former soviet bloc, especially in agriculture. Very much like in ur 3 babylonia, in communist poland the independent faremer was required to dilver to the state a portion of his produce, for which he was paid a nominal price. The remaineder he could theoretically sell freely, though not in a real free-market environment, since the state reserved the right of pre-emption, and since it regulated prices.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But the sumerians went much further than even the communists ever dared, keeping account of each citizen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s obligations and rewards, for which the ur 3 bureaucrats used a sophisticated and remorseless, running balanced-account system. The lowest social layers, unskilled workers and slaves, were regarded simply as property of the state and seem to have had no duties other than to provide labour. It was very different for supervisors. No question of soviet-styel \u8216\'91we pretend to work and you pretend to pay us\u8217\'92. The performance of a work-unit foreman was carefully measure dand weighed in the balance. In one column were itemized all the debits: goods materials and labour, grain wool, leather, metals and numbers of works - provided to the foreman by the state. These were converted according to a set convention, into standard work-days. The sum total added together. In the second column appeared the credits, the unit\u8217\'92s production output: for example the quantity of flour ground in the case of millers, textiles woven in the case of a weaving team and so on. The number of worker-days equivalent to this amount was calculated, and for the time off to which workers were entitled - at the end of each accounting year, the difference between credits and debits was calculated and any surplus or deficit was carried over as the first entry for the following period.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The conversions were so calculated as to make a surplus a very rare occurrence indeed. The expected daily output seems to have been well beyond the normal worker\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ability, and many, or most, supervisors ended up carrying over an increasingly large debt owing to the state. This might not have mattered if the system had been a mere accounting device, not to be take too seriously, but that was far from the case; the state could call in the debt at any time. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab E.g. began with a deficit of 6,760 worker days and and ended it owing 7,420 worker days. Debt, when converted to shekels of silver, would have wiped out two years wages. The debt would fall upon heirs, who may have had no other way of dischargin it than the drastic recourse of selling themselves into slavery.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab To experience the vaguely soviet flavour of neo-sumerian life, join me at what has been called the industrial park of girsu, a major urban centre in the province of lagash, in the year 2042 bce, taking as our gide the analysis made by wolfgang heimpel of uocberkley,.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We are at the door fo the office of the kitchens, whence are dispensed the supplies which are apparently the entitlement of many, most, or even all citizens of the ur empire when engaged on state affairs. The quantities vary according to rank and station in life. As befits the well-organized arrangements of this institution, a resident auditor, an accounting scribe with both literacy and arithmetical skills, keeps a record of everything that enters or leaves the storehouse. He may well be assisted by a group of apprentices, for not only is their food accounted for, but some of the records are shoddily composed in a rather less than perfect hand, suggesting inexperience. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Today is the 16th of harvest month; the auditor is itemizing the days\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 disbursements to travellers on the road:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 5 litres good beer, 5 liters beer, 10 litres bread to ur-ninsun, son of the king;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To lala\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92a brother of lugal-magure;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Et.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Both prince ur-ninsun and lala\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92a have large retinues to feed; kub-sin is perhaps accompanied by several porters, and naturally enough, the high-born the sumerian nomenklatura, are given \u8216\'91good beer\u8217\'92 rather than the \u8216\'91beer\u8217\'92 drunk by common folk. Others are provided with more standard rations:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 2 litres beer, 2 litres bread, 2 shekels oil to sua-zi, en route for great linen;}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A stream of other applicants passes as we wait at the kitchen office door. We meet lugal-ezen, keeper of the bird-house, a dovecote perhaps; severl amorite women, possible prisoners of war; and an umber of dog-handlers with their animals, then as now in the middle east, everyone moves to avoid them: dogs are unclean and their handlers are socially the lowest of the low. Large mastiff-like creatures; the food they consumed suggest they were nearly as heavy as the men who looked after them. Comings and going suggest that they accompanied caravans on the road.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The auditor notes deliveries of bread and meat to a number of other institutions in girsu. Food is supplied to shipbuilders constructing vessels for trade with oman, suggesting local access to the open sea via the tigris; to the workers of the woodshed, storage facility which houses supplies of building materials like bitumen, reed and straw; to the guards of the sheep-house and bull-house, stock fattening institutions that provide animals for offerings; to the guards and inmates of prisons.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nest to the prison is a danna house, a government rest-house, one of seven in the province. Such hostelries, sited at about two hours walking distance apart along the greattrunk routs of southern mesopotamia.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Occupying several rooms is the large entourage of a senior royal functionary called zabar-dab, bronze-holdr. Several soldiers accompany him, perhaps security guard, as well as an armourer, an outrider,r a personal scribe, three cup-bearers and a cook. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 National currriculum for scribal training was introduced. Large stat-run academies. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For a patrimonial stte to be stable over time, it is best ruled with consent, at least with consent from the largest minority, if not from the majority. Instinctive obedience must be the norm, otherwise to much evvert into suppressing disaffection.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 The colective view of most societies is rather conservative: in the main people prefer to see the socail arrangements of their youth perpetuated into their old age; they prefer that things be done in the time-honoured way; they are suspicious of  novelty and resistant to change. Thus when radical action must be taken, for whatever reason, a great burden falls on the ruler, the father-figure, who has to vercome this social inertia nad persuade his subjects to follow his lead. In order that his will shall prevail, he needs to generate huge respect, preferably adulation, and if at all possible sheer awe, among his people.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Thus gives rise to the Cult of personality.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 A hugely complicated, centrally planned, social and economic system can only be kept on the rails for as long as people believe in it. When lenin died, russian party officials recognized that demanding the populace believe in marxism ,dialectical materialism or any other such abstract concept, was a lost cause. What had actually engaged the publics loyalty was the leader\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s personality. As trotsky said, \u8216\'91we asked ourselves wiht genuine alarm how those outside the party would receive the news - teh peasant, the red army ma. For in our government apparatus, the peasantbelievs above all in lenin.\u8217\'92  The cadres response was therefore to institute the cult of lenin.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Monumental architecture to feed cult of personality - ziggurat of ur.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 In the early days , the inevitable difficulties, failures and, \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8216\'91internal contradictions\u8217\'92 of any elaborate social and economic machine can be dismissed as teething problems. Later they are blamed on the failure of individuals or the enmity of malign foreigners. But in the end, they lead irrevocably to a loss of faith and a loss of nerve. When that happens, it can happen quickly. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 It starts with taxes from outlying provinces stop coming in. Scribes stop dating tablets with official imperial year names.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 William hallo, yale uni, growing linguistic evidence based chiefly on the recorded personal names of persons identified as amorites\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 shows that the new group spoke a variety of semitic ancestral to later hebrew, aramaic, and phoenician.\u8217\'92 What is more, as depicted in the bible, the details of the patriarchs\u8217\'92 tribal organization, naming conventions, family structure, custonms of inheritance and land tenure, genealogical schemes, and other vestiges of nomadic life \u8216\'91are too close to the more laconic evidence of the cuneiform records to be dismissed out of hand as late fabrications\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The hebrew patriarchs of which the bible tells are very different from the utterly uncouth savages of the sumerian texts, as they travel the steppe with their \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91flocks and herds and tents\u8217\'92. (Abrahams camels are an anachronism; camels would not be domesticated for several centuries yet.) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Why would Terah choose to leave sumer, where their ancestors had presumably arrived not so very long before,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The amorites would never leave, they would eventually merge into the general population so thoroughly that after a few decades it would be impossible to distinguish them from their predecessors. Their time would be said to be the veritable golden age of mesopotamian civilization. The babylonians.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Babylon. She derives her name from a greek version of an akkadian version o fsome earlier original designation. Akkadians rationalized ti by taking it to mean bab-ilu, the gate of god. Genesis claims it derives froma hebrew root, balal, meaning to mix up, referring to the confusion of tongues through babel\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s tower.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She owes her location to its strong strategic position: close to the centre of the mesopotamian plain, near to where euphrates and tigris approach eachother most cloesly. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She can blame her evil repute squarely on the bible. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91By the rivers of babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we rembered zion\u8217\'92,, and of st. John\u8217\'92s vision, in the book of revelation, of the woman arrayed I purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornications. And upon her forehead was a name written, Mystery: babylon the Great, mother of harlots and abominations of the earth.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most nursery rhymes were not first sung by children, but are vestigial remains of once popular ballads and folksongs, of forgotten street cries and passion plays, of long outdated prayers and proverbs. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 People afraid to enter the ruins of babylon on account of serpents and scorpions.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Due to rising of water table, we have no direct archaeoligical or documentary knowledge of babylon city dating back to its earliest days. We are forced to rely on oblique hints and and incidental refeerences by others.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vassals arriving with gifts, tribal sheikhs delivering tribute. An enormous entourage of slaves, servants, personal assistants, gentlemen, and ladies in waiting, the workforce that serviced the daily needs of the king and his several wives, would be pressing urgently through the narrow corridors of the royal private apartments, bearing baskets of clothes, trays of food, jugs of drink and boxes of documents. The admin blcok must have been a hive of activity, with its messengers, filing clerks, accountants and auditors, with its bustling secretaries, under-secrtaries, assistant under-secretaries, and deputy assistant under secretaries, with its foreign envoys hoping to establish or cement political alliances and its ambassadors recently returned home to be debriefed and receive instructions.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All this busy and productive life came to a very sudden end when mari was taken by hammurabi, amorite king of babylon. Once the babylonian garrison was in contrl and all resistance suppressed, the conqueror sent in an intelligence task-force to examin the files. Agents spent many weeks reading through well over 25k documents, sorting them by author subject and addressee, and placing each group in a separate container. Tablets with contents important to babylonian national security - were packed upn shipped off by donkey caravan to the capital down south. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some time later, perhaps after an attempted insurrection, hammurabi had the entire palace cleared of people and burned to the ground. Workment then demolished and levelled whatever walls were left standing after the fire. Mari\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s tragedy was archaeology\u8217\'92s gain. The palace archive, its documents sorted basket by basket, baked by ari\u8217\'92s final fire into everlasting permanence, were buried under the rubble, until dug up in the 1930s by andre parrot. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is particularly striking, over and above the details of political machinations and ever-shifting alliances among the strongmen, warlords and mafia bosses who now dominated mesopotamia, is that in their letters, you actually hear them tal. They do not couch their correspondence in some formal mode of expression but shoot from the hip:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab This matter is not for discussion; yet I must say it now and vent my feelings. You are the great kings. Whe you requested of me two horses I had them conveyed to you. But as for you, you sent me just twenty pounds of tin. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Undoubtedly, you could not be honourable with me when you sent me this paltry amount of tin. By the god of my father, had you planned sending nothing at all, I might have gotten angry, and not insulted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Among us in qatna, the value of such horses is ten pounds of silver. But you sent me just twenty pounds o ftin! What would anyone hearing this say? He could not possibly deem us of equal might.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Despite all the shortcomings, from these letters we were able to penetrate zimri-lim\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s personality. Subtle humor, not without vanity, pesetered his valets for specific cuts of garments and reacted with fury when feeling ignored. He was not without curiosity, for we have records of extensive visits beyond his kingdom. Large appetite for details of government, constantly soliciting answers to unsatisfied questions. Suffered the internal bickering and scandal-mongering of bureaucrats vying for his attention. Pious, god-fearing man, prompting his staff to proceed with religious ceremonies and requesting to be kept abbrest of the latest messages from the gods. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In earlier sumerian-akkadian times, all communities had felt themselves to be joint members of the same family, all equally servants under the eyes of the gods. In such circumstances disputes could be settled by recourse to a collectively accepted value system where blood was thicker tha  water, and fair restitution more desirable than revenge. Now, however, when urban citizens commonly rubbed shoulders with nomads following a completely different way of life, ,when speakers of several west semitic amurru languages as well as others were thrown together with uncomprehending akkadians, confrontation must all too easily have spilled over into conflict. Vendettas and blood feuds must often have threatened the cohesion of the empire. Just as tody the sterner social system of the usa, with its abhorrence of collective provision of public services and commitment to the death penalty expresses its identity as a nation of immigrants and deportees from many countries and backgrounds, in contrast to the predilection for social market solidarity and justice tempered by mercy in continental ueurope, until very recental a far more ethnicallly homogenous realm, so too do the draconian babylonian laws (hammurabi), like the similar legal provisions of the hebrew bible, both reflect and attempt to limit the potential for discord and violence that always haunts a fragmented society. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Loc 3175}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Whether that be true or not, it can certainly be said that the loss of ethnic uniformity led, as it has so often done at different times and in different places, to the disappearance of social solidarity.  So gone, therefore, was the sumerian attraction to collectivism and central planning.  From now on came an era of privatization and outsourcing - there would be no such thing as society, just individual men and women and families, some wealthy, some poor, some weak, some powerful. Of course there remained the great temple and palace estates, but they shed most of their workforce, and with it their responsibility for those who serviced their needs, bureaucrats and craftspeople as well as ploughmen and stock-herders. Instead farmhands and artisans were hired and fired according to season, and independent entrepeneurs and ta-farmers were contracted to sustain the estates monetary and commercial affairs. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The result was a financial system recognisably related to our own, featuring banking, and investemnet, loans, mortgages, shares and bonds, trading companies and business partnerships. This was history\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s first eperiment in mercantilist capitalism, with all its consequences negative as well as positive.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The positive result was to make some people very rich. Financial district of Ur.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Dumuzi-gamil. An educated, cautious and thrifty merchant, who preferred to keep his records in his own idosyncratic hand. He and a business partner, borrowed a little over an ounce of silver from the businessman shumi-abun. They invested the money in bakeries that supplied the temples and palaces of ur and larsa with grain and bread. Woolley recovered a receipt issued by king rim-sin of larsa, for a monthly supply of some 150 bushels of barley. The partners not only dealt wit hthe great and the good. They lent much smaller amounts ofver much shorter terms to farm-workers and fishermen who needed emergency loans to pay their taxes. In turn, shumi-abum, who had advanced the partners the silver, sold the debt on to another partnership, nur-ilishu and sin-ashared. There was, it seems, an active market for bonds and what we now call commercial paper in old babylon. Dumuzi-gamil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s files similarly listed sums credited and debts owing to other merchants both in his home city and elsewhere. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 However, among the downsides of this proto-liberal economic revolution were the encouragement of debt, an ever-widening gap between the haves and the have-nots, and the reduction of many to penury and worse. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The privatized revenue agents and tax-farmers who preyed on the populace were relentless. Many of their victims were forced to sell themselves or members of their family into slavery because they simply could not pay. In the end the debt mountain grew to such colossal dimensions that something had to be done. Radical solutions were implemented that would have a long resonance in the history of finance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Firstly the law prescribed that debt slavery be limited to three years only.  More dramatic yet, when the degree of general indebtedness grew so large as to threaten the financial or even political stability of the state, was the proclamation of general \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91debt forgiveness\u8217\'92 which when all loans were declared null and void. Such edicts, often accompanying an amnesty for prisoners of the state, were the norm on the accession of a new ruler. But also sometimes mid-reign, such as when king Rim-Sin, a decade or so before his fiefdom fell to hammurabi, suddenly declared all loans void, and in so doing completely wiped out dumuzi-gamil\u8217\'92s cosy partnership, as well as much other business activity in Ur. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Hebrews eventually incorporated this crude remission into their law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Writing, as we do it today, with ink on papyrus, vellum, parchment or paper, depends for its readability on the contrast between the black or at least dark, ink against a white, or at least pale, background. Though good light helps, it is not indispensable. The marks of cuneiform writing on clay are three dimensional. There is no contrast between the sign and the substrate. To read or to write cuneiform demands excellent and steady illumination. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Father, complaining about his son\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude to study:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Never in all my life did I make you carry reeds to the canebrake. The reed rushes which the young and the little caryr, never in your life did you carry them. I never said to you, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91follow my caravans\u8217\'92. I never sent you to work to plough my field. I never sent you to work to dig my field. I never sent you to work as a labourer. I never in my life said to you, \u8216\'91go , work and support me.\u8217\'92 Others like you support their parents by working.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scribe adult profession: accountant, administrator, architect, astrologer, clerk, copyist, military engineer, notary, priest, public scribe, seal-cutter, secretary, surveyor, teacher. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The omen tables - catalogues of events and unusual occurrences that preceded them and were thought to predict or warn. Babylonians did not think, even as modern kabbalists do, that the world only exists from day to day by a miracle. Rather they noted that there was an underlying order and logic to the universe, which careful observation had the power to disclose. Today we call that science.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Astrology, quintessentially babylonian, is undoubtedly a science - a spurious one, maybe, one rejected by modern understanding of the universe, certainly. But that is merely the view of our time.  So too were the omens sought in the livers of sacrificial animals, in the fitures formed by pouring oil on water, in shapes seen in rising smoke, in the unusual configurations in the night sky, the patterns of storm clouds, the abnormal births of humans or animals.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91A butcher, uddanu by name, reported as follows: a sow gave birth to a young having eight feet and two tails. I have preserved it in salt and kept it in the house.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two kinds of doctors, ashipu, who specialized in omens and exorcism, and the asu who made physical diagnoses and prescribed remedies. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  note that even from the earliest times, medical doctors and \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91psychologists\u8217\'92 were separated.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most treatments were, necessarily, herbl and dietary - pills and potions, rectal and vaginal suppositories, skin patches and plasters.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abnormal uterine bleeding. To treat this, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91you char and grind date kernels, wrap them in a dtuft of wool and insert the result into her vagina.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Near the centre of baghdeda, a sprawling village not far from mosul in the north of today\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s iraq, surrounded by ugly concrete buildings from whose flat roofs television aerials and satellite dishes sprout like weeds, rises a tell of crumbled sun-dried brick some 8 meteres high. A flight of stone steps leads up its side to an ancient church dedicated to mart shmoni.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is nnothing about the architecture of this church that particularly catches the eye: it is a squat, blank-walled building rendered in adobe, with a stumpy domed tower surmounted by a metal cross. But this unpretntious place of worship is a remarkably direct link with the very distant past, and offers a challenge to some easy assumptions about the history of the ancient world. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Landscape and climate shape nations. Coastal peoples are not like steppdwellers, forest folk are not like mountaineers. Those who sweat under the burning sun of the south have little in common with those who shiver among the northern snows. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From the hittites, the assyrians learned how to smelt iron and fashion it into weapons. From the hurrians they learned horsemanship and acquired a device that would change the face of battle - the fast, lightweight, bentwood chariot with spoked rather than solid wheels. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Concerning the fine cloth that you sent me: you must make more like that and send it to me. Then I will send you a half pound o fsilver. Have one side of the cloth combed, but not shaved smooth: it should be close-textured. Compared to the textiles you sent me earlier, you must work in on e pound more of wool per piece of cloth, but htey must still be fine. The other side mus just be lightly combed. If it still looks fuzzy, it will have to be close shaved, like kutanu-cloth. As for the abarne-cloth which you sent me, do not send me that again. If you insist, then at least make it the way I used to wear it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Great suffering does not make people gentler and kinder. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Middle assyria is where misogyny really took root. Where the hijab first came into being. Prototypes for the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91harem\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When sent on business into the harm, the eunuch must, like everyone else, first apply for permission to the palace commander, who himself had to wait at the entrance to ensure the eunuch came out again. And when inside, he must be careful. A eunuch who overheard the women quarrelling was condemned to have one of his ears amputated and to be beaten with a hundred blows. When required to speak with one of the women, a eunuch might approach no closer than seven paces, if the conversation wen on longer than necessary, the eunuch was flogged and his clothes were taken from him. For a man to engage in conversation with a palace woman, with no third party present as chaperone, was a capital offence. If anyone, a courtier or another palace woman, witnessed such a breach, they were thrown into a hot oven. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Extreme female seclusion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In assyria, as in byzantium, lower-class women were strictly forbidden to cover themselves (ears chopped off); in islam there was to be no division between respectable and non-respectable females. In its own eyes the islamic demand for universal female reserve is seen not as restricton but as liberation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Connection between gods and nature first slowly stretched, then broken altogether. Previously, gods were represented in human form, wearing the horned crown of divinity, and surrounded by their attributes. But now the gods were represented as distanced from the world, positioned like idols on pedestals, and finally not pictured at all, but replaced by symbols: a sun, a moon, the planet venus as a star. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Transcendence rather than immanence of the divine. Nature came to be desacralized, deconsecrated. Since the gods were outside and above nature, humanity - according to mesopotamian belief created in the likeness of the gods, must be outside and above nature too. Rather than an integral part of the natural earth, the human race was now her superior and her ruler. But only for men. Women were part of the earth - producers of children and milk, menstreul cycles tied them to the moon. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is well known that orthodox jewish men pray every morning: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91blessed art thou, o lord our god, king of the universe, who did not make me a woman.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All sexual contact even with their own wives required them to ritually purify themselves as soon as possible. Women were a danger to men\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s half-divine nature. The female sex would not begin to regain a measure of religions respect until christians came to believe in a god who was born naturally, as a human being, into the physical world out of the womb of an earthly woman.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This dislocation between the realm of the gods and the domain of nature had another consequence. If different gods were nolonger directly connected with aspects of the material universe, there was much less reason to imagine so many of them. If gods were now no longer thought of as embedded in nature and in particular sacred places, they were freed to become omnipresent. One might pray to ashur anywhere.  From faith in an omnipresent god to blief in a single ggod is not a long step. Since he was everywhere, people came to understand that, in some sense, local divinities were just different manifestations of the same ashur.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assyrians tended to merge all the gods into a single figure for rhetorical effect.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Simo parpola - assyrian prophecies: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91all the diverse deities being conceived of as powers, aspects, qualiteis or attributes of ashur, who is often simply referred to as (the) god.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That is not to say that the hebrews borrowed the notion of a single omnipotent and omnipresent god from assyrian preddecessors. Just that their new theology was far from an utterly revolutionary and unprecedented religious movement. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Arameans migrated from the steppe and into assyria. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Migrations - push and pull - pushed from homeland to  attractive destination. For arameans, it was climate change. Rainfall decreased by approx. 20 per cent.  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91 The famin was so sever that people at one another\u8217\'92s flesh\u8230\'85 aramean clans plundered the land, seized the roads, and conquered and took many fortified cities of assyria. Citizens o fassyria fled to the mountains\u8230\'85 to save their lives. The arameans took their gold and silver and their property.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 The moral that assyrian rulers took from the disaster was that their only safety lay in possessing incontestable military power. War was too important to be left to the romantic heroism of kings and generals. If traditional fighting methods could not even hold off a swarm of camel-riding sheep herders, ashur\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s rulers would concentrate on designing and building a new kind of war-machine, one that no one could withstand. Moreover, the only sure way to stop people migrating into ashur was to take over their homelands and rule them with a rod of iron. Empire is a necessity not a luxury. If that caused them unpopularity, so be it. Let them hate, so long as they fear. - but when fear is overcome, hatred remains. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Empires are so epensive. They\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92re like ponzi schemes: financial frauds in which previous investors are paid returns out of new investors deposits. The costs of holding imperial territory can only be underwritten by the loot and tribute extracted by constant new conquests; empires must continue to expand if they are not to collapse. }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 3o-50000 men,. King menachem no dobut mounted to the top of the great ashlar masonry wall erected by his predecessor king omri around the citys acropolis the better to observe the assyrian battle-line which extended as far as 2.5 km across and nearly 200 metres deep. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He would have seen, in the centre of the formation, the main body of infantry, compact phalanxes of spearmen, their weapon points glittering in the sun, each arranged in ten files of twenty ranks. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assyrian spearmen were more mobile than their predecessors. Trather than sandals, they now wore the assyrain military invention that was one of the most influential and long lasting: the army boot. In theis case the boots were knee-high leather footwear, thick soled, hobnailed and with iron plates inserted to protect the shins, whish made it possible for the first time to fight on any terrain however rough or wet, mountain or marsh, and in any season, winter or summer. The first all-weather, all year army. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Behind the phalanxes of spearmen, ranged archers and slingers, many of them foreign auxiliaries, also divided into companies, shooting their projectiles over the heads of the infantry. Archers were now equipped with a new weapon, the composite bow, another assyrian innovation, constructed by glueing different materials together: wood, horn and sinew. Though suffering from damp weather than traditional bows mad of a single piece of wood, and demanding much greater strength to draw - and needing two men to string htem, they could be made far more powerful and deadly than previous all wooden weapon. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab In the lead drove the shock-troops: ofrmations of chariots, mobile missile platforms, the ancient equivalent of tanks. These were nolonger drawn at a slow pace by assses, but by horses. Each chariot was powered by up to four horses and manned by a driver who,  sometimes rode one of the horses and controlled the others with a system of traces, leaving room on the platform for the bowman and two shield bearers to fight more freely. These men were also armed with spears, sowrds and axes, so that after the initial assault they could dismount and fight as heavy infantry while the charioteer returned his vehicle to saftey.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Cavalry - these fighters, wieldign spears or bows, rode without bridles, without saddles or stirrups. Instead they sat on blankets anchored in place by breastband, girth and crupper, and they  controlled their mounts by pressure from their heels. Horses were now so important that they were imported from as far away as nubia. Nineveh put out 3,000 horses per month, of which about 60 per cent were destined for the chariot corps, 30 per cent fo r the cavalry and the rest put out to stud. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The army had become the point - in every sense- of the entire assyrian nation. Each adult male had a duty to serve. The three highest military ranks, commander in chief, commander of the left, and commander of the right, were also governors of provinces. Military officers were addressed in correspondence by their civi titles and there was little or no distinction between the roles.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assyria grew by capturing and securing points of greatest strategic and economic importance, trade routs and entrepots, and bypassing places of lesser signficance as long as they offerred no threat to assyrian interest. Rather than a unifomr solid block of poessessions, it was more of an open web. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assyrian empire rested upon a firm ideology, which has remained a model for imperialists throughout history.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There must be only one realm. Every assyrian territory, no matter whether directly connected with the home country or separated from it by client states, was regarded as an equal province of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91the land\u8217\'92, as surely part of the national patrimony as ashur city itself. Previous empires had allowed their separate possessions to retain a sense of ethnic identity and had ruled through local elites co-opted into the impreial system; the slightest sign of weakness at the centre led to revolt and insurgency. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There must only be one people. All who lived in assyria were assyrians, no matter what language they spoke or what customs they followed. Hence the best known of what are taken to be penalties imposed on conquered states: the deportation of the population and its replacement by other residents from elsewhere in the empire. From the assyrian point of view this was no punishment. It was the assyrian melting-pot. The disappearance of the ten tribes of israel into the general assyrian population demonstrates how well the policy worked, even with people as fiercely dedicated to preserving their identity as the hebrews.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There can only be one leader.assyrian emperors were, by contrast, the ultimate expression of their nation: assyria personified. The image of assyrian emperors as despots of the worst order, indulging in vile cruelty and depraved luxtury, was far from the truth. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91To the assyrians, a king immersed in revelries and cruelties would have been an abomination\u8217\'92, their kingship was a sacred institution rooted in heaven, and their king was a model of human perfection seen as a prerequisite for man\u8217\'92s personal salvation.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There can only be one god. Ashur was omnipresent throughout the empire. He had just a single temple, the esharra. One realm, one people, one leader - ein reich, ein volk, ein fuhere. As the tet deomonstrates, all assyrians, whether foreign deportees, or of native ancestry like the qinnate sha ninua labiruti, the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91old time families of nineveh\u8217\'92, were regarded as equals. I commissioned natives of assyria, masters of every craft, as overseers and commanders to teach them proper conduct and to rvere god and king.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Foreign names of high state officials. Girisapunu - must have been a phoenician, as was the famous ahiqar, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91keeper of the king\u8217\'92s signet and councillor of all assyria\u8217\'92. Provincial and district governors gulusu, arbaya and adad-suri bore aramean names. So did hanunu, \u8216\'91commander of the eunuch\u8217\'92s guard\u8217\'92, salamanu, \u8216\'91commander of the queen mother\u8217\'92s guard\u8217\'92, etc. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Aramaic supplanted sumerian. The Alphabet replaces cuneiform. Utility creation by semitic peoples living in egypt. They didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know hierglyphs, so came up with a shorthand for use themselves. From this came all alphabets in use today. Letter \u8216\'91A\u8217\'92 is a horned ox-head has turned upside down. Aramaic - ordinary working people - cuneiform was the preserve of the educated and the elite; }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Babylon benefitted from the destruction of assyria.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Herodotus was way fucking wrong about babylon city\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s dimensions - said 80km, we know it was just over 10.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Death and destruction, far from being the enemy of mankind, is the positive, create force behind all history. Without it ther can be no progress. And that chnge, progress, constant self-transcendence are the only true tasks of human existence. Yes, the end is coming. Yes, the land you know and love will be destroyed. But from the ashes will rise a new and dfferent world, one which will take the development of civilization on to its next stage.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Throughout the summer, sky yellowed by sand lofted from the desert; the first tentative gusts of the ishtanu, the winter wind from the lorth, lazily stirring the rubbish lying in the walkways between houses.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fishmongers and costerwomen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s stalls folded and stacked back against blind khaki-colored walls. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Had one to choose a day when the first half o fall history ended and the second half began, when the original idea of how urban humanity should live was supplanted by a new and different vision, when the first ever civilization, which epressed itself in cuneiform\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 1 october 331 bce. - alexander burns persepolis to the ground. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hellenistic cities - colonnaded temples, basilicas, gymnasiums, cosmopolitan population: persians, indians, greeks, egyptians nad jews living cheek by jowl with babylonians, assyrians, armenians, and scythians; }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Freelance priest.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kingship was taken to;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kingship as an object that is stolen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He gave me a knife and dagger}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The flood is preceeded by the god Enlil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s attempts to reduce humanity\u8217\'92s numbers with plague, followed by salination, drought, and famine.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}