{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hurry fast enough for Hill\u8217\'92s liking, so Hill shoved him in the back. Mandri\u8217\'92s stiff legs couldn\u8217\'92t cope with this rude encouragement and he tumbled forward into Seb\u8217\'92s hips, so Seb went sprawling, too. They tumbled together into the glinting darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gutwipe!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted at Hill. Somehow, she\u8217\'92d managed to land right on top of Mandri. Hill rushed over and spread his torchlight upon the Mazid\u8217\'92s limp form. He studied the Obo\u8217\'92s limbs for breaks and scrapes. The scar on Mandri\u8217\'92s chest had popped another stitch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think I know? Don\u8217\'92t ask me about witch business. All I know is when a person gets body-dead but their stomach\u8217\'92s still burns, that only means one thing.\u8221\'94 He paused and supped his pipe to savor the anticipation on Mandri\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty pooed the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slackness and finished the thought. \u8220\'93We found you body-dead in the Junei hills, dressed up as food for the Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri blanched as Tob puffed out a snot of smoke right at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And there\u8217\'92s only one thing the Amalgamete\u8217\'92s stomach do with its food, and that\u8217\'92s make demons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demons?\u8221\'94 Mandri wondered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seems to me like you must have had a black Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer, so Ayram asked another question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You never killed anyone before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not before I was made a Mazid, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You never killed a goat? A pig? Anything bigger than a rat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was a painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram sighed and looked to sky. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course you were,\u8221\'94 he said . \u8220\'93But the good news is, I don\u8217\'92t want you to kill people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram glared down his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what a demon is, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t speak of some storytime, feather-plucking demon. When I say demon, I speak of the demon of demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a beast called the Amalgamete. What I want you to do is open your mouth and spit Mazidfire into its belly. Is that something you are willing to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bone-handled blade dripped a drop of blood onto Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually, he stopped right in front of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own feet, and he stood so close that his giant head blocked out the sun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo pointed to Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was awake in the cave when your witch breathed a Spark into that boy\u8217\'92s body, so I know it is possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes swiveled to Mandri, who still lay sprawled in the center of the circle. He shrank within his robe against the onslaught of spiteful glares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you could infuse Mandri\u8217\'92s corpse with a Spark, then do the same for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen giants in paintings, but those were paintings. Those giants were Hrkan Lords painted twice their actual size, an unreality meant to lift up ordinary rulers in the eyes of their subjects. It was a genre known as \u8216\'91the conquering hero\u8217\'92. It was a tired genre. Mandri had never spared an admiring thought for such a Lord.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He beckoned to his followers and barked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto and Tob! Come hold it flat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big bush Tob stood up. The other man, Moto, was an athletic Zosan. They both hurried over to the kneeling Obo. They grabbed him and laid him flat on the sand. Tob threw punches and elbows even though Obo did not resist. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settle down Tob,\u8221\'94 Ayram griped after Tob spat up a chunk of smoke-blacked spit onto Obo\u8217\'92s face. Tob grinned at Ayram\u8217\'92s chiding remark, though he did settle down as Ayram wandered back towards the cave and pulled from its shadows a giant blackened iron bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This bar was one solid piece of metal, taller than Ayram by a head. At its top, the iron splayed out into a chisel, while at the bottom, the iron belled out into a sphere the size of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s giant fist. Ayram gripped its octagonal haft and twirled the bar once as if it were as light as an oilwood spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I can\u8217\'92t make you kneel on my own terms,\u8221\'94 he said to Obo, \u8220\'93Then you won\u8217\'92t need your legs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He marched towards Obo with menace in his step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no need for this,\u8221\'94 Obo protested, but Ayram was a man who could be moved. He said, \u8220\'93If the Minder can\u8217\'92t mind, then what\u8217\'92s there to stop you from running away when no one\u8217\'92s looking? No. We\u8217\'92ll all be more comfortable this way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He raised his spear above Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thigh, and Mandri shut his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 While Mandri could hide from the sight of such a gruesome affair, he could not hide from the sound. When the chisel-head stabbed into Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flesh it snapped the bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Obo did not cry out. Mandri, stunned, sneaked a peek, and there nearby was the Zosan, Moto, steadying Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left hip as he hacked at the broken leg with his sword. Tob then pulled the leg away, dragging out a mess of blood and stringy tendons. They repeated this work on Obo\u8217\'92s other leg to the sound of cheering Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through it all, Obo made no sound, and when it was over, and he was legless, Ayram raised his iron bar and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone bag the Mazid up! Bag everything up. It\u8217\'92s time to walk. That damned Amalgamete ain\u8217\'92t coming to us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}