{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could not recall a single day, from sunrise to sunset, where he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t suffered some shade of misery. He\u8217\'92d either be tired, or hungry, or suffering one of his more difficult to relate afflictions, like the strange sensation of feeling out of breath when he could breathe perfectly fine, or that odd tension in the middle of his chest that would flare up at night and he\u8217\'92d feel as if he\u8217\'92d just run a hundred miles despite the fact that he\u8217\'92d done nothing but lounge in the shade and stare at the shadows of clouds as they crept across the world. He\u8217\'92d never had a good, solid day all the way through, at least, not for as far as he could remember.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His life violated the aesthetic principle of contrast. White is brightest when it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s set against dark. When one is living a life of relative luxury, as Mandri did, it becomes difficult to see the difference between bad and good. Or even pain and pleasure. Prior to being bit by a demon, the worst physical pain he\u8217\'92d ever felt was mere discomfort\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when his grandmother pawned his talents from city to city, they traveled in boats without cushioned seats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He blamed his mother for everything, because when his mother was alive she did not play impressed at the things he made. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d look at a mud sculpture wrought by his tiny sausage fingers and would point out that it looked like the cast of an intestinal tract. She\u8217\'92d never smile and say, \u8220\'93What a lovely gift, thank you so much for making that for me,\u8221\'94 she would call it for what it was and go on about her day. It stood to reason, Mandri reasoned, that he couldn\u8217\'92t be happy as a man because his mother didn\u8217\'92t play dumb enough as he aged from two to six. Those are critical years. Where else but a mother is a child supposed to go for acceptance? Mandri would draw a picture and his mother would say some variation of, \u8216\'91this could be better\u8217\'92, and so of course he\u8217\'92d hate it too. And at that age, what is a drawing but an ambitious fling at self expression?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His drawings weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t good enough, and so he wasn\u8217\'92t good enough, at least not until he reached the age of eight. By then his mother was lost to drink and had run off with a rich man. That\u8217\'92s what his grandmother told him. Much later he learned the truth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she killed herself. The only thing she left him was the knowledge that nothing is good enough, and that people are all of them ugly and full of flaws. And none of these flaws are beauty marks, smudges which when juxtaposed against perfection enhance it.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri began to unscrew the skin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cap. Moteah stopped him and said, \u8220\'93You wait for the sun to put it on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, right.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He then wrapped the oilskin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strap over his shoulder and neck and they continued on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  And then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the way you talk, the way you act, the way you look\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you don\u8217\'92t seem like a person who would thrive out here}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But you and Moto seem\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take offense, but you seem normal. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The hastening darkness made it hard to read the Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood. \u8220\'93Please don\u8217\'92t fall behind and make me double back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh I won\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93I think I\u8217\'92ll make it. My leg feels much better thanks to Purl. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you mind if we talk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well I wanted to ask\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what\u8217\'92s your story, you and Moto? Neither of you seem like ordinary outland pokes. None of you are, except for Seb. You\u8217\'92re not the kind of people that belong in the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody belongs in the desert,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the outland tribes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They stick to oases and the wells they carve out of the ground.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An oasis is not the desert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, it is not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what are the tribes doing out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m out here for the same reason everyone else is.. Stop talking about the desert like you know anything about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s there to know? It\u8217\'92s hot, there\u8217\'92s sand, demons hiding in holes, and no water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah stopped walking, and squatted down like she was about to drop her heavy pack, but instead she reached down and plucked a stone from the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She handed it over, and Mandri squeezed it. He was surprised to find that it was not a rock, but some sort of bulbous root. Water squirted out of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, there might be water stashed away, but this doesn\u8217\'92t change the fact that you don\u8217\'92t belong out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one belongs out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you from? Zos?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ganniba.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out in the desert,\u8221\'94 Moteah said with a smirk. Then she added, \u8220\'93Ganniba used to sit next to a river. Then the Hrks built some canals, diverted the river upstream, and our fields dried up. That was the end of Ganniba. Now it\u8217\'92s part of the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you were pushed out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After Ganniba, my tribe set up a new home on a river bend in the Subli plain. Nobody lived there because the earth was no good. The Hrks showed up anyway and said we weren\u8217\'92t allowed to be there. They said the only place we were permitted to live was within the Subli delta. I\u8217\'92m sure you know what happens in the Subli delta.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We said no thank you. There was a scribe like the one you saw at Minting Rock. He said submit, or fight. We wanted to fight but we didn\u8217\'92t have any weapons. They waited four days for a courier to run to the nearest outpost and fetch a wagon load of spears. They handed them over and we fought with them. Our men had barely eaten in a week, but we fought. I fought. That was the end of my father\u8217\'92s tribe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem remarkably well composed about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not an unusual story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, there\u8217\'92s this one outland tribe, called the Sulay, and they got absorbed into the Lord Meskihinne\u8217\'92s lands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean they were conquered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absorbed, conquered, it's the all the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absorbed implies that half of them weren\u8217\'92t murdered first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, they were conquered, and then they started farming near one of Meskihinne\u8217\'92s holes. They settled in, became full, upright citizens of Hrk, and guess what they did as soon as they got into politics? I kid you not, I watched a Sulay man argue, well, not argue, he was spitting rage, and he was saying that there was an untouched remnant of the Sulay tribe that needed taming. And this man knew what \u8216\'91taming\u8217\'92 meant. He knew what he was asking for. He just wanted their land.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m saying that Hrk is bad, but I\u8217\'92ve met enough people to know that we\u8217\'92re all more or less the same. If you had the reins of a nation as big as Hrk, you\u8217\'92d be bullying everyone else into doing what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the exact opposite of what I would do. Just because one old Sulay man had a charred spark, that doesn\u8217\'92t mean everyone is the same way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Mandri. There's a chance out here for my freedom, and not only for me but for all of the Mazydai.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The world is full of slaves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, what do you know about slavery?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me, who is carrying who right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A fair point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t free himself because He doesn\u8217\'92t know what the Hrks have done to His message. That\u8217\'92s why the Hrks burn the saffee leaves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s not to ease His pain, it\u8217\'92s to keep Him from discovering their corruption. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m referring to the Spark. A Mazid has no true Spark. Also, you should stop calling him \u8216\'91Obo\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94 Moteah said the name with such contempt that Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t sure if the sting was meant for Obo or for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s his name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Names are for beings with Sparks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo has a Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that how you justify your mistreatment of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like most figures of speech, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s analogy had a surface charm that suggested a deeper truth, but it completely broke down upon further investigation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m touched, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t touched you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You called me clever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I reserve the right to take it back at any time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s fine with me, as long as you don\u8217\'92t try and help them free Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that said you\u8217\'92d do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they gave me a Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, then I\u8217\'92ll do it too, if they give me a pound of gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri lifted up his robe. He figured he better make a show of relieving himself even if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to pee.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah stopped walking, and squatted down like she was about to drop her heavy pack, but instead she reached down and plucked a gray stone from the ground. She handed it over to Mandri, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri squeezed it, and he was surprised to find that it was not a rock, but some sort of succulent. Water squirted out of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There might be water,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as they continued walking. \u8220\'93But }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But if one sits and stares at another human being for long enough, as a portrait artist must do, the features of the face start to lose the illusion that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re working together for a purpose. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter how attractive the person is, how much woodnut ash they\u8217\'92ve drawn onto their eyebrows to fix them, or how much bug blood they\u8217\'92ve rubbed onto their lips to sell the appearance of health, or how smooth their skin is after brushing it up with the crushed up bones of children. When it came down to it, what a face was, was an odd mix of fleshy protuberances that masquerade as an intelligent being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t necessarily about physical beauty. The attention to physical detail was only a kind of metaphor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 inner beauty, outer beauty, that sort of thing. }}