{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She says it is was not solraheen who called down the black, but it was schisol. He knew what would happen if the people were left to their own devices.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solraheen was trying to destroy schisol. Schisol is in the black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She scratches a demon, blood squeezes out but frozen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sways and moves and effortlessly glides. Admires Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Speak but his muscles the scene and if he were to speak the tension break.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been waiting for thousands of years. Now that you\u8217\'92re here, you almost don\u8217\'92t seem real. Of course, you\u8217\'92re not real, but the illusion that is \u8216\'91Mandrameen\u8217\'92 is...charming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tongue tied? Do I frighten you? I\u8217\'92m the mother of demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who wouldn\u8217\'92t be scared of me? This isn\u8217\'92t my doing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But you need to move beyond this. It is Mandrameen who is frightened, not your true self. Let me show you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pulls out a }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to paint?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is what you were made for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No it wasn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but not in the way that you think. You are Mandrameen, and Mandrameen }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  born to make a painting. But Mandrameen is also an illusion. He was born, he will die, while your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  being knows neither beginning, nor end. As your Spark was never }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 made }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 so you are right, but in essence, you are wrong, because you were, I suspect, referring to Mandrameen.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see I\u8217\'92m not making myself clear. Speech is too blunt to point to the transcendental. But if you begin painting, I\u8217\'92m sure, you\u8217\'92ll come to understand what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m not going to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Disappointment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri\u8230\'85You\u8217\'92re }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 so}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  close. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sure of it\u8230\'85Remember Mandrameen the portrait painter? He knew what everyone looks like, except for himself. Isn\u8217\'92t that right? A true self-portrait is impossible because you don\u8217\'92t truly know your own face, even if you have a mirror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you can turn your head in every direction, but your eyes are always looking straight into themselves. You can look around and study your features, but you\u8217\'92ll never capture that look of looking away. That\u8217\'92s how the mirror nurtures the illusion of the self\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re always looking straight into your own eyes and you begin to think that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is you. But you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never seen what you look like when you\u8217\'92re sleeping. You\u8217\'92ll never see what you look like when you\u8217\'92re dead. Everyone else\u8217\'92s eyes will shutter, but you\u8217\'92re own, you\u8217\'92ve never seen it happen, so who\u8217\'92s to say they\u8217\'92ll ever close? Do you blink, Mandri? Do you notice yourself blinking? Don\u8217\'92t blink now, or you might ruin it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri realized he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet blinked since. His eyes were stuck in the trance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you sleep? What happens to Mandrameen when you sleep? Where does he go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never thought about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sigh. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least you\u8217\'92re honest. That\u8217\'92s more than I can say for most people.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wistful look at Elrahet, Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at them. They can\u8217\'92t see any of this.  Look at how frightened they are. They invent themselves just to torment themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look to Obo.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death in anesthetic of Glory. What an ironic creature\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri throws the rock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ack!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stare at Mandri. Burst into an absolute fit of laughter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, dear Mandri. You deny everyone else plans for you, even mine. No one in the world can tell you what to do. But there\u8217\'92s one more person you have to reject.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Myself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! You see through everyone else\u8217\'92s manipulations, you need only to take it one step further.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what if I don\u8217\'92t want to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can do whatever you want. But you cannot want what you want. And what your Spark wants, is to paint a true self-portait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that would be strange, because I really don\u8217\'92t want to do that. What I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is for you, and all of these demons, to disappear.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Mandrameen talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m not exactly convinced that you know what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter that }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 resolutions determined for ever and repented of again a minute later\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}