{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Faster!\u8221\'94 Elrahet cried. She twisted in her perch atop Ayram\u8217\'92s pack to glare at all who lagged behind. Mandri struggled to keep up. The start of the Goree Pass was a gently rising wagon path leading into a gentle canyon but Ayram\u8217\'92s pace was furious. The giant scrambled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree, and to Mandri\u8217\'92s unworked hands and feet it might as well have been a wall of thorns. Moto had to push him up, and Moteah had to pull him from above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Atop this slope, they jogged along a shelf of sturdy rock which ran parallel to the road below until they came to a wall of red stone split by a narrow crack. The crack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opening was hardly an inch wider than the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders. Somehow Ayram barreled into it without so much as a stutter step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms and legs bumped and scraped against the crack\u8217\'92s striated walls. If he wasn\u8217\'92t racked with exhaustion and fear he might have savored the scene, for varying shades of red rock stacked on top each other to compose dramatic sweeping forms. This beauty towered overhead and bracketed a thin, winding strip of bright blue sky. There the sun played a game of peekaboo with Mandri as he ran himself ragged. Such was the height and swerve of the walls that the sunlight never touched the mush of sand and fallen rock that was the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The way twisted and bent, right and left, and soon Mandri was so far behind that he rarely caught a glimpse of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beige robe, much less anyone else beyond her. He chased the sounds of their paddling feet until he came to a fork in the road. He didn\u8217\'92t know which way to take, for the Ayramun had charged ahead without sparing a care for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before he could get too panicked, a packless, Elrahetless Ayram came sprinting back from the leftmost way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep up!\u8221\'94 he growled as he charged towards Mandri. It seemed as if the giant was about to tackle him, but the man stuck his iron spear into the sand and vaulted right over Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He landed as soft as rain and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go!\u8221\'94. Mandri obeyed. He kept to the left and ran. He ran on, and on, with Ayram right behind. He ran so long that the oppressive eye of the sun had time to cross the streamlet of sky above. Then his sprint slowed to a half-hearted jog. This was the quickest pace he could muster for at least half a hand, and when this slowed to a walk Ayram slapped the back of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri remembered the burgeon he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stolen from Seb. He patted the burgeon bulb inside his robe to make sure it was still there, and just as he was about to spit its juice, he heard a shout for Ayram up ahead. Ayram called back with a whistle, and forced Mandri back into a sprint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The way belled out into a valley rimmed by slopes of rubble. It was a miniature valley of sorts, as it was only there because a great length of the canyon on either side had collapsed. Enough of the rock had been cleared away to make a thin, passable trail. To the left, towering above the precarious western slope, was the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tallest plateau, stretching beyond vision. Above that plateau was the blazing, latter-day sun. Hiding in the shadows of the larger rocks were the Ayramun. They were arguing about something, and as Mandri approached he heard Moto say, \u8220\'93\u8230\'85and no lip. And that goes for you too, Seb. You\u8217\'92ve been getting all uppity it\u8217\'92s time to stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb soured at this sudden turn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t give lip. I give the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I swear,\u8221\'94 said Moto, glaring. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got me halfway to breaking your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They all made way for Mandri and Ayram to join their huddle in the shadow of an oblique standing stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was the one to answer Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s questioning look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t carry all this,\u8221\'94 he said, pointing to Ayarm\u8217\'92s propped up pack. \u8220\'93We have to stop and sort it out.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrkan Riga stole our Mazid\u8217\'92s breath. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in charge,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Riga stole Obo\u8217\'92s pseudospark, so he\u8217\'92s going to steal the Riga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All by himself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. He pointed a finger at Moteah and declared, \u8220\'93Then }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  carry it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah scoffed and got right up into her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93How about, for once, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 take up the weight when Ayram gives it to you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the muscles in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders tensed up, and like a slapback lizard unfurling its frills he rolled his shoulders back to puff his chest. The siblings might have come to blows if a wad of borcandi juice didn\u8217\'92t go flying right between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry it,\u8221\'94 Seb grumbled. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n it means you two stop bitchin\u8217\'92 and we can get on with it. I\u8217\'92ll carry the damn thing. Sol\u8217\'92s sake, lash it to my spine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We stop here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We make our stand here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought we were going to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is perfect spot. There\u8217\'92s scraps of shadows everywhere. The Hrks will come in thin, then we\u8217\'92ll snag the Riga and keep running.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Het will take Mandri up ahead. He\u8217\'92ll be the bait. The rest of you...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of them were already dumping their packs and preparing for a fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the fight was upon them before , }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah-HA!\u8221\'94 he exclaimed triumphantly. \u8220\'93As I predicted.\u8221\'94 He was a zosan, dark skin, with a natural limp in his step. The soldier next to him fumbled with his horn, but the scribe caught his elbow. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a little soon for that, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood straighter. His nose flared as he sniffed that elevated air of authority, and shouted towards the Ayramun, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you\u8217\'92ve given up the chase! There is no place where we would not have followed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked for the riga, but did not see it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You pokes never learn. When you try draw up water you cannot reach, the effort makes you weak. You end up worse off than having nothing at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Well pleased with his proverb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hand over the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about a trade?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you misread the situation. That Mazid already belongs to the Lordship. It is a simple matter of retrieving it. If you do not resist we might\u8230\'85well\u8230\'85to be honest, you should probably resist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For there, a naked child with a distended belly sporting Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s swirl stepped up to the edge. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Look around in utter confustion, not least the scribe. He turned to a nearby soldier and commanded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You there, bring that thing down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said bring it down, not kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And stepped forward, the child had thrown a rock right at his head. And crumpled him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Day progressed, the canyon shadows grew black and the brilliant blue of the sky dimmed into deeper hues. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until the sun began to set when their path led up a steep rise and emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There, Mandri was greeted with a sight which crowded out all concerns\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hrks, Rigas, Amalgametes, demonry, his own exhaustion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for there in front of him was an enormous structure, at once both a building and a mountain; a flat-topped chunk of natural stone looming into the sky and a richly ornamented temple, the walls of which were embossed with geometric patterns composed of simple shapes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 circles, diamonds, squares, and triangles all joined together to roughly resemble faces. There were animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval taller than ten men demarcated the edges of a fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gape, and the nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a hawk, and the beak of the hawk was the tooth of the fox and also the nose of a snarling demon. It was patterns inside of patterns, lines inside of lines, and Mandri had to crane his neck to look up at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never seen its like in a painting. All the monumental wonders get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights this temple should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of the outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered serve well to heighten the glory of the conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the Lordly crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not even accounting for the effects of the bewitching evening sun whose amber rays painted the stone with flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Hrkan Lords did not know of it. If they did, they would have swept away the Greskalun a long time ago, and if they learned of it now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a much easier time of it because the building was a hollow husk. Above the graven faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall were rows of mullioned arches, each as empty of candlelight as the next. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a female. But the air was silent save for the whistling wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like Seb was wrong,\u8221\'94 Moteah whistled. \u8220\'93Shulgi is empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb is always wrong,\u8221\'94 Moto sighed as he jogged past Mandri to take up his rightful place at the head of the Ayramun file. He guided them up the well-trodden slope to the foot of a long flight of stairs which led up to the temple entrance. These were troublesome stairs, and there were at least a hundred of them. They were steep, and every step had to be dealt with on its own terms for each step had its own unique slump from the wear of ages. They looked more like layers of melted wax than stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Three steps up and Mandri noticed a dark stain climbing up the stairs with him as he went. He guessed that up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be any number of other substances. Perfumed wine, red berry brine, or ink. It could be slurried excrement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a temple that large had to have drainage somewhere, though yes, it would be odd that they\u8217\'92d have it running out the front door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he knew it was blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because of course it was blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were demons about and there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any people where people were expected to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had to be blood. Blood had the most explanatory power. It explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under skin, it explained why his knees trembled and why, as he crested the final stair and stepped onto the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forecourt, why he felt the urge to flee. Then his eyes alighted on the temple entrance, which itself had been sculpted in that curvilinear language into the head of a viper. Its fangs were similarly stained by that dark substance, leading Mandri to wonder if the building itself had eaten the Greskalun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They crossed the pillared court at a decent clip. Moto drew his sword as if to do battle with the building itself. He stopped before crossing the threshold. He peered inside, then drew away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll wait for Ayram somewhere else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet scoffed at the suggestion, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going back down,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I climbed up these steps and I\u8217\'92ll be damned if I don\u8217\'92t stick my head in and see what\u8217\'92s happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly. \u8220\'93Ayram said that we should only wait inside if it was empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was a step ahead of her, already striking sparks of flint onto a bundle of torch sticks that Seb was holding. The dried resin caught flame quickly, and soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of black smoke swirling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto yanked the torch out of his sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram put me in charge,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take charge of your wits and march yourself inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stewed in a wordless anger. He took a moment and a long-sipped breath to compose himself, and he thrust the torch into the temple interior. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As soon he did, a swarm of bats screeched in the darkness and took flight. Their wingbeats battered the torch smoke as they swirled out of the viper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth, and they swerved along the temple wall before disappearing into some unseen hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto had to start all over with his composure. When he was ready, he leaned into the temple entrance and sniffed the air. His face immediately soured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah agreed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto held his torch aloft and stepped into the temple. Everyone filtered in behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a barge, thrice as long, and at least four times Mandri\u8217\'92s height. The torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dug out into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit that was filled to the brim with white ash. Wind had swept some of this ash around the room, with trails of it sprinkling the nearby columns and frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing the Ayramun, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto halted his people with a loud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hip!\u8221\'94, and he waved his torch back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello!\u8221\'94, but his words echoed back without rejoinder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The figure, robed in green and splattered in ash, sat slumped, arms folded into his robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible flesh was his black, ash splattered hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably dead,\u8221\'94 marked Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92 to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet held out her hand towards Moto and made a grasping motion, requesting the torch. Moto handed it over, and with its light leading the way, she hobbled towards the mysterious figure. They all followed close behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He must\u8217\'92ve been eating mice,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he kicked a small spine that was lying on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or bats,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now that Mandri knew that bones were there, he was seeing them everywhere, the scattered remains of small creatures littered the floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, perhaps foxes, mice, and plenty of beetle shells too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet broke the stunned silence when she waddled up to that cross-legged figure and poked him hard with her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man fell onto his side. His impact kicked up a cloud of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is indeed dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared. \u8220\'93And he is not a man, or I should say, not wholly a man. His stomach is changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bent down and rubbed the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe between her fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93This is the raiment of Greskal\u8217\'92s prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah then asked what Mandri was thinking, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was he the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An Amalgamete? Yes\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 The}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Amalgamete? No.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s willingness to walk so far into the room gave Mandri the courage to join her. His feet were glad to be on smooth, flat stone, and he was glad to be \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a distinction that he forgot existed after spending so many days wandering in the wilderness. So what if there were dead critters and a dead body? So what if there were demons lurking in the shadows? It felt good to flout these ominous things. If he didn\u8217\'92t, he\u8217\'92d probably faint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As he crept towards the fire-pit, he noticed a faint golden glimmer at the back of the room. He walked past Elrahet and the body, towards that glimmer, for shining faintly in the torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dancing light was an enormous golden statue of Solraheen sitting at the back of the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As far as statues of the Most Favored go, this one was a rare Old Jandri piece where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a form outlawed by Hrk, for it was sacrilegious to suggest that Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s principles did not dwell in Jeket. Here, His golden skin was smooth and His body featureless. His face was round, alive, and enlightened. His pose was rigid as a board, as if someone who had never sat before had the act described to them by blind man. The Hrks would later give Solraheen the muscles of a hero and the natural bearing of a Hrkan Lord being crowned in their sculptures, but Mandri preferred this older style. It was less tied to reality. It was more primitive, and therefore, more true. And it was huge, at least ten feet tall. Where most closet Solraheens were inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, this Solraheen sat out in the open, and his seat was a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a beautiful sight. A source of serenity. None of it glittered as brightly as Mandrameen might have wanted, for a thin layer of dust dulled its luster, and some of that fire-lorn ash had speckled His cheek. While all that was a shame, it could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. But what could not be forgiven was the fact that, instead of a clean and warm amber glow, Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden skin was darkly mottled. It was tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced at such impiety. Pure gold cannot tarnish, and so this meant that the Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals. No wonder Solraheen did not deliver them from their suffering. And worse, standing by Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left foot were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, he could not say for certain what this urine was for, but there was narrative proximity here which couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be ignored. Surely the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller statue,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 croaked Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pointed to the statue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s tarnished,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not pure gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet tissked at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s charge and winced as if it wounded her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen cares not for gold,\u8221\'94 she said sharply. \u8220\'93What He cares about is this man,\u8221\'94 she poked the dead man again with her cane, \u8220\'93And that poor thing there.\u8221\'94 She pointed with the torch towards a dark lump on the floor. It wasn\u8217\'92t but ten feet away from Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a mop of dark hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a human ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a neck, and attached to this neck were a few links of white spine. What flesh there was looked like it had been gnawed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scuffled away from this severed head, and crept back towards the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid was right,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet said. \u8220\'93Though it wasn\u8217\'92t hunger which urged this tasting of flesh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was standing over the green robed body. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying that this man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that other man over there?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was his final meal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, we\u8217\'92re leaving,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93The struggle in this room is over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should burn it. That\u8217\'92s what we came here to do!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be so quick to judge those touched by the darkness, for there is no greater struggle. This was one of Solraheen\u8217\'92s champions. He was braver than any of you. He fought against the rising tide and cut out his own stomach before it transformed him completely. See here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held the torch low to the firepit. She poked around with her cane to reveal, half buried in ash, a large round stomach. Evidently the green-robed prince had cut it out at the neck and then tossed it into the fire like a lure, dragging with it the intestines behind, and these he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cut as well and tossed into the ash. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he had lost his battle, this world\u8217\'92s woes would be magnified by a hundred thousand thousand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stomach was black, nearly as black as Fabled Black, and while that might be expected for flesh cooked in flames, it seemed to Mandri that the organ was blackened by evil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was he responsible for the pilgrims in the Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. She then pulled out her golden knife and cut the stomach open without effort. She used her cane to spread the halves apart, and she leaned over it as if to divine it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew very little about the art of divination. He knew that the stomach was the seat of the Spark, and that the organ is subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the stomach\u8217\'92s stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there are the patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the meaning of current and past events but predict the future. That was all that Mandri knew. It was not a functional knowledge. He did not expect, when Elrahet cut into that black stomach, that he would understand anything about what was going on, but after a half a finger of silent staring, the stomach squirmed and burped up a black puff of smoke that struck Mandri dumb with dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take a witch to interpret this sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Evil lived here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aaaaallllright,\u8221\'94 said Moto, his voice uneven. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re leaving now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet ignored him and continued to sort through the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s putrid contents with her blade, and her face grew more sullen with every poke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah watched as if she could read it too. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He couldn\u8217\'92t be the Amalgamete we\u8217\'92ve been hunting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you not hear me?\u8221\'94 Moto asked, unable to comprehend why no one would listen to him. \u8220\'93I said we\u8217\'92re waiting outside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait outside? For what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned to leave, but as he did, a black shadow scurried through Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s threshold. He yelped and jumped back, and good thing he did, for standing there, framed by the doorway, was a demon roach the size of a dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had an oily-black shell and human hands sprouting out the ends of its segmented legs. Its face was an unholy mix between an insect\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and a man\u8217\'92s, flat and bug-eyed, lidless, staring up at the ceiling. Its mouth gulped the air like fish out of water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get back!\u8221\'94 Elrahet shouted, but Moto and Moteah were already on their way, swords drawn. Mandri retreated all the way back to the statue of Solraheen. He would have climbed up onto Solraheen\u8217\'92s lap if he didn\u8217\'92t consider it to be sacrilege.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only a hag-beetle,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said as the creature climbed up onto the wall. \u8220\'93It does have a spine inside its shell which can kill\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 careful when it opens.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both Moto and Moteah did not look eager to engage. Mandri clung to Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet pointed to the demon and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stiffen up and kill it!\u8221\'94 She sneered at Moto\u8217\'92s shoulder rolling gutlessness. She was about to hit him with her cane when ten more hag-beetles scurried in from outside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What now!?\u8221\'94 Moto shouted as he aimed his sword at the lead beetle advancing along the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet said simply, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fear rooted to Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side as Seb and Elrahet rushed by and fled into a hall nearby. Moto grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s robe by the collar and yanked him along. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t find his feet until he got over the thought of Elrahet\u8217\'92s incompetence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if she could see the future, she should have been able to see a swarm of demons trapping them in this temple. Either she couldn\u8217\'92t see very far, or she\u8217\'92d led them here on purpose.}}