{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Faster!\u8221\'94 Elrahet cried. She twisted in her perch atop Ayram\u8217\'92s shoulders to glare at all who lagged behind. Mandri struggled to keep up. While the start of the Goree Pass was a gently rising wagon path leading into a canyon valley, Ayram\u8217\'92s pace was furious, and the giant scrambled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree, and to Mandri\u8217\'92s unworked hands and feet it might as well have been a wall of thorns. Moto had to push him up, and Moteah had to pull him up over the top.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From there, they jogged along a shelf of sturdy rock which ran parallel to the road below until it dead ended into wall of reddish stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 solid stone save for a narrow crack which split it in two. The crack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opening seemed only an inch wider than the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders, but somehow Ayram barreled into it without so much as a stutter step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms and legs bumped and scraped against the crack\u8217\'92s striated walls. If he wasn\u8217\'92t racked with exhaustion and fear he might have savored the scene\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shades of red rock stacked on top each other to compose dramatic sweeping forms that towered overhead and bracketed a thin, winding strip of bright blue sky. The sun played a game of peekaboo with Mandrameen as he ran along, and such was the height and swerve of the walls that the sunlight never touched the morass of sand and fallen rock that was the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The way twisted and bent, right and left, and soon Mandri was so far behind that he rarely caught a glimpse of Moteah, much less anyone else beyond her. He was chasing the sounds of their paddling feet. Then he came to a fork in the road, and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know which way to take, as the Ayramun had charged ahead without sparing care for him and Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before he could get too panicked, a packless, Elrahetless Ayram came sprinting back from the leftmost way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep going!\u8221\'94 Ayram growled as he charged towards Mandri. It seemed as if the giant was about to tackle him, but Ayram stuck his iron spear into the sand and vaulted right over Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The giant landed as soft as rain, and when he did he shouted again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep going!\u8221\'94. That set Mandri\u8217\'92s legs in motion, and he ran down the way Ayram had come, wondering why Ayram was headed back towards the Goree Pass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri ran on and on without catching sight of anyone. Twice he asked Obo for confirmation that they were headed the right way, and Obo simply stated that there was only the one way to go. He also said to hurry up, for he could sense the Riga was warming its whistle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon a whole hand had passed, measured out by the oppressive eye of the sun as it crossed the thin bridge of blue above. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sprint slowed to a half-hearted, heavy-breathing jog, for he was weak and the air was heating up. Unlike the desert proper this air was not so dry as to lick the sweat right off Mandri\u8217\'92s skin the moment it beaded up. Mandri\u8217\'92s lower back was achy and soggy and constantly patted by Obo\u8217\'92s bouncing litter. The vortex of steamy air that emerged there in that gap was a weather system unto itself, good for nothing but distracting Mandri from thinking about demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a good enough distraction. Mandri marched at the quickest pace he could muster, and when this slowed to a walk he found himself searching the shadows for camouflaged demons that might leap out to snap at his leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He remembered the burgeon he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stolen from Seb. If his eyes couldn\u8217\'92t see the demons that he felt must be near, then the God\u8217\'92s Eye sight might reveal them. He patted the burgeon bulb inside his robe to make sure it was still there. Then he heard a shout for his name up ahead, and he started running again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The way belled out into a short stripe of rock-rubble valley. It was a miniature valley of sorts, as it was only there because a great length of the rock on either side had collapsed. The valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly was clogged by a mound of rock, though enough of this mound had been cleared away to make a thin, passable trail. To the left, towering above the precarious western slope, was the Goree\u8217\'92s tallest plateau, stretching beyond vision, and above that, the latter-day sun blazed down. Hiding in the shadows of the larger rocks were the Ayramun. They were arguing about something, and as Mandri approached he heard Moto say, \u8220\'93\u8230\'85and no backtalk. And that goes for you too, Seb. You been getting uppity these days and it\u8217\'92s time to stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb soured at this sudden turn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t give lip. I give suggestions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No suggestions, then. I swear, you got me halfway to breaking your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri joined their huddle and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in charge,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly. \u8220\'93Ayram went to go do Ayram things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s going to bother the Hrks and distract the Riga. Maybe even kill it. What we got to do is divvy up Ayram\u8217\'92s stuff and keep going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great pack was lying on the ground. The shadow it cast was almost as long as the shadow of the boulder Mandri was hiding in. He let loose an exhausted groan and said, \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t carry any of that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stared squarely at Mandri and slowly said, stressing the threat of punishment, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what I tell you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrank back and raised his hands to surrender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got something to say?\u8221\'94 Moto snapped at his sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. \u8220\'93Look at him. He\u8217\'92s a twig, he can hardly carry himself and Obo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. He stood up straighter. His nose flared as he sniffed that elevated air of authority. He pointed a finger at Moteah and declared, \u8220\'93Then }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  will carry his share.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah scoffed and settled in for a fight, getting right up into Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93How about, for once, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 take up the weight when Ayram gives it to you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the muscles in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders tensed up, and like a slapback lizard unfurling it\u8217\'92s frills, he rolled his shoulders back to puff his chest. The siblings might have come to blows if a wad of borcandi juice didn\u8217\'92t go flying right between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry it,\u8221\'94 Seb grumbled. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n it means you two stop bitchin\u8217\'92 and we can get on with it, I\u8217\'92ll carry the damn thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no room in your pack,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s sake, lash it to my spine then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb unshouldered her pack and dropped it at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Moto kept his grudging eyes fixed on his sister as he gathered some of Ayram\u8217\'92s gear and stuffed what he could into Seb\u8217\'92s pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bore her new burden with the stolidity of an ox as she charged ahead into the canyon beyond, though her springy step was reduced to hurried shuffle under the added weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet followed after her, and after gathering some of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s things for herself, Moteah followed too, being sure to brush by her brother with a smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto tossed a few blankets and the heavier ropes onto a nearby rock, as they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t needed. He then pointed after the others and said to Mandri, \u8220\'93Get going.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Day progressed, the canyon shadows grew black and the brilliant blue of the sky dimmed into deeper hues. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until the sun began to set when their path led up a steep rise and emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There, Mandri was greeted with a sight which crowded out all concerns\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hrks, Rigas, Amalgametes, demonry, his own exhaustion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for there in front of him was an enormous structure, at once a building and a mountain, at once a flat-topped chunk of natural stone looming into the sky and a richly ornamented temple, the walls of which were embossed with geometric patterns composed of simple shapes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 circles, diamonds, squares, and triangles all joined together to roughly resemble faces. There were animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval taller than ten men demarcated the edges of a fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gape, and the nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a hawk, and the beak of the hawk was the tooth of the fox and also the nose of a snarling demon. It was patterns inside of patterns, lines inside of lines, and Mandri had to crane his neck to look up at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never seen its like in a painting. All the monumental wonders get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights this temple should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of the outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered serve well to heighten the glory of the conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the Lordly crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s even after accounting for the effects of the bewitching evening sun whose amber rays painted the stone with flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Hrkan Lords did not know of it. If they did, they would have swept away the Greskalun a long time ago, and if they learned of it now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a much easier time of it because the building was a hollow husk. Above the graven faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall were rows of mullioned arches, each as empty of candlelight as the next. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a female. But the air was silent save for the whistling wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like Seb was wrong,\u8221\'94 Moteah whistled. \u8220\'93Shulgi is empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb is always wrong,\u8221\'94 Moto sighed as he jogged past Mandri to take up his rightful place at the head of the Ayramun file. He guided them up the well-trodden slope to the foot of a long flight of stairs which led up to the temple entrance. These were troublesome stairs, and there were at least a hundred of them. They were steep, and every step had to be dealt with on its own terms for each step had its own unique slump from the wear of ages. They looked more like layers of melted wax than stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Three steps up and Mandri noticed a dark stain climbing up the stairs with him as he went. He guessed that up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be any number of other substances. Perfumed wine, red berry brine, or ink. It could be slurried excrement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a temple that large had to have drainage somewhere, though yes, it would be odd that they\u8217\'92d have it running out the front door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he knew it was blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because of course it was blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were demons about and there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any people where people were expected to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had to be blood. Blood had the most explanatory power. It explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under skin, it explained why his knees trembled and why, as he crested the final stair and stepped onto the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forecourt, why he felt the urge to flee. Then his eyes alighted on the temple entrance, which itself had been sculpted in that curvilinear language into the head of a viper. Its fangs were similarly stained by that dark substance, leading Mandri to wonder if the building itself had eaten the Greskalun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They crossed the pillared court at a decent clip. Moto drew his sword as if to do battle with the building itself. He stopped before crossing the threshold. He peered inside, then drew away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll wait for Ayram somewhere else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet scoffed at the suggestion, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going back down,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I climbed up these steps and I\u8217\'92ll be damned if I don\u8217\'92t stick my head in and see what\u8217\'92s happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly. \u8220\'93Ayram said that we should only wait inside if it was empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was a step ahead of her, already striking sparks of flint onto a bundle of torch sticks that Seb was holding. The dried resin caught flame quickly, and soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of black smoke swirling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto yanked the torch out of his sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram put me in charge,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take charge of your wits and march yourself inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stewed in a wordless anger. He took a moment and a long-sipped breath to compose himself, and he thrust the torch into the temple interior. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As soon he did, a swarm of bats screeched in the darkness and took flight. Their wingbeats battered the torch smoke as they swirled out of the viper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth, and they swerved along the temple wall before disappearing into some unseen hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto had to start all over with his composure. When he was ready, he leaned into the temple entrance and sniffed the air. His face immediately soured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah agreed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you would know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto held his torch aloft and stepped into the temple. Everyone filtered in behind. Mandri looked over his shoulder to Obo before he entered. Obo simply nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a barge, thrice as long, and at least twice Ayram\u8217\'92s height. The torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dug out into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit that was filled to the brim with white ash. Wind had swept some of this ash around the room, with trails of it sprinkling the nearby columns and frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing the Ayramun, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto halted his people with a loud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ip!\u8221\'94, and he waved his torch back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello!\u8221\'94, but his words echoed back without rejoinder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The figure, robed in green and splattered in ash, sat slumped, arms folded into his robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible flesh was his black, ash splattered hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably dead,\u8221\'94 marked Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92 to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet held out her hand towards Moto and made a grasping motion, requesting the torch. Moto handed it over, and with its light leading the way, she hobbled towards the mysterious figure. They all followed close behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He must\u8217\'92ve been eating mice,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he kicked a small spine that was lying on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or bats,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now that Mandri knew that bones were there, he was seeing them everywhere, the scattered remains of small creatures littered the floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, perhaps foxes, mice, and plenty of beetle shells too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet broke the stunned silence when she waddled up to that cross-legged figure and poked him hard with her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man fell onto his side. His impact kicked up a cloud of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is indeed dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared. \u8220\'93And he is not a man, or I should say, not wholly a man. His stomach is changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bent down and rubbed the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe between her fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93This is the raiment of Greskal\u8217\'92s prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah then asked what Mandri was thinking, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was he the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An Amalgamete? Yes\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 The}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Amalgamete? No.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s willingness to walk so far into the room gave Mandri the courage to join her. His feet were glad to be on smooth, flat stone, and he was glad to be \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a distinction that he forgot existed after spending so many days wandering in the wilderness. So what if there were dead critters and a dead body? So what if there were demons lurking in the shadows? It felt good to flout these ominous things. If he didn\u8217\'92t, he\u8217\'92d probably faint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As he crept towards the fire-pit, he noticed a faint golden glimmer at the back of the room. He walked past Elrahet and the body, towards that glimmer, for shining faintly in the torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dancing light was an enormous golden statue of Solraheen sitting at the back of the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As far as statues of the Most Favored go, this one was a rare Old Jandri piece where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a form outlawed by Hrk, for it was sacrilegious to suggest that Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s principles did not dwell in Jeket. Here, His golden skin was smooth and His body featureless. His face was round, alive, and enlightened. His pose was rigid as a board, as if someone who had never sat before had the act described to them by blind man. The Hrks would later give Solraheen the muscles of a hero and the natural bearing of a Hrkan Lord being crowned in their sculptures, but Mandri preferred this older style. It was less tied to reality. It was more primitive, and therefore, more true. And it was huge, at least ten feet tall. Where most closet Solraheens were inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, this Solraheen sat out in the open, and his seat was a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a beautiful sight. A source of serenity. None of it glittered as brightly as Mandrameen might have wanted, for a thin layer of dust dulled its luster, and some of that fire-lorn ash had speckled His cheek. While all that was a shame, it could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. But what could not be forgiven was the fact that, instead of a clean and warm amber glow, Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden skin was darkly mottled. It was tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced at such impiety. Pure gold cannot tarnish, and so this meant that the Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals. No wonder Solraheen did not deliver them from their suffering. And worse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 standing by Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left foot were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, he could not say for certain what this urine was for, but there was narrative proximity here which couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be ignored. Surely\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 surely the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller statue,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 croaked Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pointed to the statue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s tarnished,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not pure gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet tissked at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s charge and winced as if it wounded her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen cares not for gold,\u8221\'94 she said sharply. \u8220\'93What He cares about is this man,\u8221\'94 she poked the dead man again with her cane, \u8220\'93And that poor thing there.\u8221\'94 She pointed with the torch towards a dark lump sitting not ten feet away from Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That round lump on the floot had an ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a mop of dark hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a neck, and attached to this neck were a few links of white spine. It was a face-down severed head, and what flesh there was looked like it had been gnawed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scuffled back towards the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were right, Mazid,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet to Obo, who fidgeted on Mandri\u8217\'92s back. \u8220\'93Though it wasn\u8217\'92t hunger which urged this tasting of flesh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was standing over the green robed body. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying that this man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that other man over there?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was his final meal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, we\u8217\'92re leaving,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93The struggle in this room is over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should burn it. That\u8217\'92s what we came here to do!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be so quick to judge those touched by the darkness, for there is no greater struggle. This was one of Solraheen\u8217\'92s champions. He was braver than any of you. He fought against the rising tide and cut out his own stomach before it transformed him completely. See here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held the torch low to the firepit. She poked around with her cane to reveal, half buried in ash, a large round stomach. Evidently the green-robed prince had cut it out at the neck and then tossed it into the fire like a lure, dragging with it the intestines behind, and these he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cut as well and tossed into the ash. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he had lost his battle, this world\u8217\'92s woes would be magnified by a hundred thousand thousand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stomach was black, nearly as black as Fabled Black, and while that might be expected for flesh cooked in flames, it seemed to Mandri that the organ was blackened by evil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was he responsible for the pilgrims in the Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. She then pulled out her golden knife and cut the stomach open without effort. She used her cane to spread the halves apart, and she leaned over it as if to divine it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew very little about the art of divination. He knew that the stomach was the seat of the Spark, and that the organ is subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the stomach\u8217\'92s stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there are the patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the meaning of current and past events but predict the future. That was all that Mandri knew. It was not a functional knowledge. He did not expect, when Elrahet cut into that black stomach, that he would understand anything about what was going on, but after a half a finger of silent staring, the stomach squirmed and burped up a black puff of smoke that struck Mandri dumb with dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take a witch to interpret this sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Evil was here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aaaaallllright,\u8221\'94 said Moto, his voice uneven. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re leaving now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet ignored him and continued to sort through the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s putrid contents with her blade, and her face grew more sullen with every poke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah watched as if she could read it too. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He couldn\u8217\'92t be the Amalgamete we\u8217\'92ve been hunting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grunted in agreement, then she wiped her blade clean on the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe. \u8220\'93This stomach is not grown enough for foul work. Our hunt continues. We must keep moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you people not hear me?\u8221\'94 Moto asked, unable to comprehend why no one would listen to him. \u8220\'93I said we\u8217\'92re waiting outside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait outside? For what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder rolling gutlessness. \u8220\'93Ayram can\u8217\'92t kill the Amalgamete any more than you can. Young Mandri can hunt the beast alone, can\u8217\'92t you, boy? You and the Mazid strapped to your back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She hobbled over to where Mandri stood. She held the torch up over his head, then waved it from side to side, as if the light playing over his features revealed something truer about him than simple fear. When her eyes flitted towards his stomach he realized what she was really looking at. What she really studied were the threads of purpose binding him to everything else, binding him to Obo. He knew that she could see them, even if he could not, and she studied them with an artist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye. While the artist\u8217\'92s eye is the same as the lover's eye, it\u8217\'92s also the same as the covetous eye, the jealous eye, the hateful eye, it is noticing to remember, often called beholding, and Mandri did not like to be held by anyone, much less a sneering old crone with a wild eye peering up at him from under the shadow of her cowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy is ready,\u8221\'94 she said, and she swirled away and carried her torch towards the statue of Solraheen at the end of the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram hunts the Riga. He hunts to give us the chance to hunt the Amalgamete. Now come!\u8221\'94}}