{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first biological lesson of history is that life is compettition. Competition is not only the life of a trade, it is the trade of life - peaceful when food abounds, violent when the mouths outrun the food. Animals eat one another without qualm; civilized men consume one another by due process of law. Co-operation is real, and increases with social development, but mostly because it is a tool and form of compettiition; we co-operate in our group - our family, community , club, church, party, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93race,\u8221\'94 or nation - in order to strengthen our broup in its competition with other groups. Competing groups have the qualities of competing individuals: acquisitiveness, pugnacity, partisanship, pride. Our states, being ourselves multiplied, are what we are; they write our natures in bolder type, and do our good and evil on an elephantine scale. We are acquisitive, greedy, and pugnacious because our blood remembers millenniums through which our forebears had t ochase and fight and kill in order to survive, and had to eat to their gastric capacity for fear they should not soon capture another feast. War is a nation\u8217\'92s way of eating. It promotes co-operation because it is the ultimate form of competition. Until our states become members of a large and effectively protective group they will continue to act like individuals and families in the hunting stage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second bilogical lesson of history is that life is selection. In the competition for food or mates or power some organisms succeed aand some fail. In the struggle for existence some individuals are better equipped than others to meet the tests of survival. Since Nature has not read very carefully the american declaration of independece, we are all born unfree and unequal: subject to our physical and psychological heredity, and to the customs and traditions of our group; diversely endowed in health and strength, in metnal capacity and qualities of character. Nature loves difference as the necessary material of selection and evolution; identitcal twins differ in a hundred ways, and no two peas are alike. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inequality is not only natural and inborn, it grows with the complexity of civilization. Hereditary inequalities breed social and artifical inequalities; every invention or discovery is made or seized by the exceptional individual, and makes the strong stronger, the weak relatively weaker, than before. Economic developemnet specializes functions, differentiates abiliteis, and makes men unequally valuable to their group. If we knew our fellow men throoguhly we could select thrity percent whose combined ability woudl equal that of all the rest. Life and history do precisely that, with a sublime injustice reminiscent of calvin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freedom and equality are sworn and everlasting enemies, and when one prevails the other dies. Leave men free, and their natural inequalities will multiply almost geometrically. To check the growth of inequality, liberty must be sacrifieced, as in russia after 1917. Even when repressed, inequality grows; only the man who is below the average in economic ability desires equality; those who are conscious of superior ability desire  freedom; and in the end superior ability has its way. Utopias of equality are biologically doomed, and the best that the amiable philosopher can hope for is an approximate equality of legal justice and educational opportunity. A society in which all potential abilities are allowed to develop and function will have a survival advantage in the competition of groups. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The experience of the past leaves little doubt that every economic system must sooner or later rely upon some form of profit motive to stir individuals and groups to productivity. Substitutes like slavery, pllice supervision, or ideological enthusiasm prove too unproductive, too expensive, or too transient. Normally and generally men are judged by their ability to produce - excepting war, when they are ranked according to their ability to destroy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since practical ability differs from person to person, the majority of such abiliites, in nearly all societies, is gathered in a minority of men. The concentration of wealth is a natrual result of this concentration of ability, and regularly recurs in history. The rate of concentration varies with the ecnomic freedom permitted by morals and the laws. Despotism may for a time retard the concentration; democracy accelrates it. The relative equality of Americans before 1776 has been overwhelmed by a thousand forms of physical, mental, and economic differentiation, so that the gap between the wealthiest and the poorest is now greater than at any time since Imperial plutocratic Rome. In progressive societies the concentration may reach a point where the strength of number in the many poor rivals the strength  of ability in the few rich; then the unstable equilibrium generates a critical situation, which history has diversely met by legislation redistributing wealth or by revolution distributing poverty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Athens of 594 BC, according to Plutarch, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the disparity of fortune between the rich and the poor had reached its height, so that the city seemed to be in a dangerous condition, and no other means for freeing it from distrubances\u8230\'85 seemed possible but despotic power.\u8221\'94 The poor, finding their status worsened with each year - the government in the hands of their masters, and the corrupt courts deciding every issue against them - began to talk of violent revolt. The rich, angry at the challenge to their property, prepared to defend themselves by force. Good sense prevailed; moderate elements secured the election of Solon, a businessman of aristocratic lineage, to sthe supreme archonship. He devaluated the currency, thereby easing the burden of all debtors (the he was himself a creditor); he reduced all personal debts, and ended imprisonment for debt; he canceled arrears for taxes and mortgage interest; he established a graduated incom tax that made the rich pay at a rate twelve times that required of the poor; he reorganized the courts on a more popular basis; and he arranged that the sons of those who had died in war for athens should be brought up and educated at the government\u8217\'92s expense. The rich protested that his measures were outright confiscation; the radicals complained that he had not redivided the land; but within a generation almost all agreed that his reforms had saved Athens from revolution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rooman senat, so famous for its wisdom, adopted an uncrompromsing course when the concentration of wealth approached an explosive point in Italy; the result was a hundred years of class and civil war. Tiberius Gracchus, an aristocrat elected as tribune of the people, proposed to redistribute land by limiting ownership to 333 acres per person, and alloting surplus land to the restive proletariat of the capital. The senate rejected his proposals as confiscatory. He appealed to the people, telling them, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93you fight and die to give wealth and luxury to others; you are called the masters of the world, but there is not a foot of ground that you can call your own.\u8221\'94 Contrary to Roman law, he campaigned for re-election as tribune; in an election day riot he was slain. His brother Caius, taking up his cause, failed to prevent a renewal of violence, and ordered his servant to kill him; the slave obeyed and then killed himself. Three thousand of Caius\u8217\'92 followers were put to death by Senatorial decree. Marius became the leader of plebs, but withdrew when the movement verged on revolution. Catiline, proposing to abolish all debts, organized a revolutionary army of \u8220\'93wretched paupers\u8221\'94; he was inundated by cicero\u8217\'92s angry eloquence, and died in battle against the state. Julius Caesar attempted a compromise, but was cut down by the patricians after five years of civil war. Mark Antony confused his support of Caesar\u8217\'92s policies with personal ambitions and romance; Octavius defeated him at Actium, and established the \u8220\'93Principate\u8221\'94 that for 210 years maintained the Pax Romana between the classes as well as among the states within the Imperial frontiers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the breakdown of political order in the western roman empire, centuries of destitution were followed by the slow renewal and reconcentration of wealth, partly in teh hierarchy of the Catholic Church. In one aspect the reformation was a redistribution of this wealth by the reduction of German and English payments to the Roman Church, and by the secular appropriation of ecclesiastical poperty and revenues. The French Revolution attempted a violent redistribution of wealth by Jacqueris in the countryside and massacres in the cities, but the chif result was a transfer fo property and priveleg from the aristocracy to the bourgeoisie. The governmetn of the USA, followed Solon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s peaceful methods, and coomplished a moderate and pacifying redistribution; perhaps somene had studied history.  The upper classes cursed, complied, and resumed the concentration of wealth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We conclude that the concentration of wealth is natrual and inevitable, and is periodically alleviated by violent or peacable partial redistribution. In this view all economic history is the slow heartbeat of the social organism, a vast systole and diastole of concentrating wealth and compulsive recirculation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dysgenic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}