{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green250\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 S}{\f0\fs24\b0 pace began to fold around them, and the whole structure moved forward, imperceptibly at first, but soon enough the stars at the sides began to stretch, and the plasma out in front sputtered into a steady flame. Beyond this point Moto was not able to construct a coherent sequence of events.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 To outside observers, the Experiment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s movement looked strange - the ship\u8217\'92s translation over time adhered to a curve which only appeared in abstract mathematics. It was an unnatural function, with no elegant smoothing in and out, no sense of natural timing that one normally associates with Newtonian physics. It was like the ship was being summoned\~ into the depths of the cosmos by some capricious deity who liked to play with his food before he ate it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Inside the crew could sense movement, somehow, yet there was no inertial velocity, no fixed reference points to judge progress, as almost immediately stars faded into the dark. Oya, Moto, and Alberto just floated there in their harnesses, measuring out light years per second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the Experiment folded the fabric of the universe around itself in greater and greater bolts, the bright plasma spread out into a bubble around the ship. As it stretched, its hot blue color shifted through to purple, then settled into a deep, suffocating red. As this light flooded into the command module it bounced around the interior with an intensity that seemed to ignite the controlled atmosphere of the cabin, the red light seemingly taking on substance, adhering to surfaces. Edges seemed to merge into each other, and soon Moto could not distinguish between interior and exterior. He tried to hold focus by reading out the distance measurements from his console, committing them to memory - but the apparent melting of the display just magnified the sensation of his mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disassembly. Dark, shifting patterns raced over the contours of the cabin\u8217\'92s interior, a mesmerizing effect, and Moto entered into a familiar psychedelic trance in which static and moving things merged into a third state, the ___ in which the artificial construction of reality that occurs within the brain begins to atrophy. Moto just sat there like a newborn, wide-eyed, a sense-organ with no thought..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eventually it all began to dim, and the plasma began to dissipate, taking with it the deep crimson light that had consumed the crew. Moto began to sense the rigidity of the outer rings again, and this in turn resolved that familiar \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91whump-thump\u8217\'92 of their passing overhead, and to this Moto was able to reorient his sensibilities. The ship was quickly scaling back down the hyperbolic curve from which it had come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It took another moment still for it to come to a complete stop, and for Moto to begin to coax his rational mind back out of its shell. He could see that Alberto was still lost in rapture, while Oya had already regained her faculties and was busy doing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 something. Moto\u8217\'92s eyes turned back out to the spatial void, stumbling over a dark planet which nearly filled the frame. It shocked him to see it, because it was very large, and very close, and it had somehow escaped his notice despite him staring at it just before. It was even silhouetted by a distant sun, which burned white, young, and beautifully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not our star.\u8221\'94 said Oya.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }}