{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What about this structure could demand a novel's length? It can't be a character arc. Or, can it? Are you going for a rapid fire Rashomon effect? Why would the reader benefit from that? For me, pure plot can't sustain itself. Scenes end up feeling like meatless staging and blocking and dialogue. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re well written, but they\u8217\'92re only that, missing the raison d'\u234\'EAtre. The characters are unique enough, and the prose isn\u8217\'92t swinging for the fences. Maybe if Chuck Tingle tried it. What I\u8217\'92m getting at is that it feels like I\u8217\'92m reading a \u8216\'91normal\u8217\'92, well-written book, only it\u8217\'92s been chopped up into pieces, and I\u8217\'92m just not understanding what is gained by doing that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That being said, the reading experience felt a bit like playing Where's Waldo, which felt unique. A new section starts, and my brain is immediately scanning sentences for context cues. It made me hyper attentive, and I think if I *really* trusted the author to weave an elaborate web which repaid my investment in the details, it could be fun. Sort of like a rube goldberg machine made of people, or an adhd simulator. However, I think this precludes being swept away by character and story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am following the story, what there is of it. It's not drawing me in, and I'm guessing that's because an interesting story (for me) isn't so much about what is going on, it's about how the characters feel about what is going on, and since we're not sticking to any of the characters feelings, I'm not sticking to the story. Then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the scattered nature of the conflict. It seems everyone has a different goal, and they're largely coincidental instead of being woven into a tapestry that comes together, like in Magnolia (the movie). Or maybe I don't care about what these characters want because I know I\u8217\'92m never going to see them again up close. I'm pulling reasons for my disinterest out of my ass here. Maybe one of them is true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I think it's no mystery as to why the section with the bulkier paragraphs ended up being the most interesting (Mr. Glum). The writing is given a little bit of room to punch, and the character is very unique. I would like to see the courtesy given to Mr. Glum extended to the other characters. My two cents, is that the only way this can work, is if each vignette has some quality to it which really pops; whether its the uniqueness of the character, or the prose bobs and waves, or there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a joke, or some deep insight, *something* to get me excited about the structure, excited to jump from person to person. Plot alone is not going to pop, because then, again, I\u8217\'92m left wondering why not just write a normal book.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}