{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78702"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 Archways of life by Mercedes de Acosta | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>F}{\f0\fs36\b1 ADED PETALS<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Come! Let us be friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Throw off the cloak of passion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 (You wear it far too much)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And though your slightest touch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Has ceased to make me tremble,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There is no reason why\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We still cannot}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Climb our hill together,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And, at twilight\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s end,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Call each other \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The rose tree fades but has its spring and autumn,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And so with love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But with a rose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We gather its faded petals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And in a box of precious metals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We store its fragrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Why not with love?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And which is more beautiful\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Who can say?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A rose in bloom or the fragrance of its petals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In decay!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>R}{\f0\fs36\b1 EFLECTION<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I, with my back to the window,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Can see bending and swinging trees,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A gay blue patch of the sky}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With the corner of a cloud looking in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And you, with your face buried in a rose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thus, I have my whole world,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In just this little mirror}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Which I hold in the hollow of my hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>P}{\f0\fs36\b1 LATITUDES<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Tonight for a second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I almost thought I could love you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The mystery of the night}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And stillness of the wind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Seemed to speak of love}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And draw us closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was something sublime}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 About our silence,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With only the sound of dripping water}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As it splashed and fingered the bow of our boat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I seemed to see you differently,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And for a brief instant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 My love wanted to creep down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And kneel at your feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Just then you turned and said:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t the moon wonderful tonight!\u8221\'94 and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It all seems like a stage setting,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then I knew I never could love you!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>Y}{\f0\fs36\b1 OUR FACE<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 How glorious is the coming back to your face}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After I have seen so many others}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All missing something,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And failing me completely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Faces filled with lust and hatred,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With joy, hope and despair;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Some dripping with greed and others fresh with love\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But in your face,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I find the consummation or possibility of all these things,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Both good and evil\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Like a well}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With no man capable of measuring its depth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mysterious, pathetic, sensitive, strong and weak;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But always exquisite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With a beauty that creates in my heart an aching thing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 That penetrates and fires my soul forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 How glorious is the coming back to your face}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After I have seen so many others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}