{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And that leads to yet probe of depth: inaction is action all the same. That isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t  a particularly profound bit of wisdom but there on the charnel roads the weight of inaction becomes tangible. First, of course, there\u8217\'92s the solitant\u8217\'92s yellow haircloth habit. The constant itch is supposed to be a constant reminder to not waste the moment, to be alert to even the smallest opportunities to make the world better - that\u8217\'92s what it\u8217\'92s supposed to be. Over the years, even the most devout solitant comes to see the habit as little more than a  Out on a charnel road, the habit becomes unbearable. Its not just the fact that there\u8217\'92s so little sensory than the itch, but the heat gets inside it, makes a pilgrim feel like they\u8217\'92re a pork knuckle wrapped in a blanket being slow roasted over a fire. The temptation to cast the scratchy habit aside is great, but no one ever does it. Not only would it be a renunciation of faith, but it would only make it easier for the sun to sap one\u8217\'92s spirit. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On the Bazul road a twisted ankle or a tweaked knee is all but inevitable. Man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s upright gait just isn\u8217\'92t designed for a sustained trudge uphill through loosely packed gravel. No pilgrim has ever made the journey without stumbling a time or two, and when they fall their hands and feet get cut because the gravel isn\u8217\'92t smooth like riverstone, it\u8217\'92s been chipped unevenly by the wind and the sand. It\u8217\'92s got points and edges, some as sharp as blades.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once a pilgrim actually gets on the road, the struggle against the temptation begins. For many the strongest temptation is the urge to stop and rest. Anywhere else in the world it would be a fine thing to do, but sitting down on a charnel road is a mistake because the sun still bakes you even if you aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t moving. The sun literally kills the pilgrim who saddles tomorrows self with today\u8217\'92s journey. It\u8217\'92s a lesson that Solitants savor because no where else in the world is procrastination so cruelly punished. A man sitting down on a Charnel Road is still moving towards the point of no return. The sun is still burning his water. He sits down for a half-a-finger, a finger, or maybe two, what matters is that after a specific point in time, if he does not make the right choice, he has doomed himself. He can shout and no one will come. He can run towards the horizon but the time cannot be made up. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is an unusual thing to be able to pinpoint the exact moment of doom, rarer still to have one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s doom so distant from the actual moment of death. Usually a person only has a few minutes with themselves to appreciate their fate before they die, if that. Out in the Sand, it can be hours, even days. On the Bazul Road it\u8217\'92s not so long, but nonetheless the road has taken many a pilgrim into shiskason.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shis-ka-son. It means, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91death-not-prevented\u8217\'92. It\u8217\'92s the Old Jandri word for \u8216\'91doomed\u8217\'92 but it carries an air of blame. It\u8217\'92s not just an abstract concept either. To the Old Jandri mythos it\u8217\'92s a heightened state of mind, when the weight of one\u8217\'92s failure comes down upon them and forces them to pay attention to the moment. The failure, the guilt, is the key to unlocking shiskason. A pilgrim can enter shiskason for no other reason than he stopped and he sat and he did not walk the road.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It slows them down and gives the sun time to work delirium into them. At that point if they make a mistake with water, they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re dead, and it\u8217\'92s an easy mistake to make for any Solitants that come from across the northern sea. They don\u8217\'92t know what the sun can do to a body with just a few hours. When these foreigners come to the Bazul Road, all they hear is that its only a days journey. Just one day\u8217\'92s journey. Only twenty leagues. Sure, they hear stories about the deaths, but they shrug them off because stories are always exaggerated. Three water-skins should be enough. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to get experience traveling in the Sand, because getting experience means you\u8217\'92ve got to survive your mistakes. A weary pilgrim doesn\u8217\'92t noticed that he\u8217\'92s pricked a water-skin on the half-buried thorn of a karkel-bush seed pod, and that\u8217\'92s that, he\u8217\'92s in shiskason. And shiskason isn\u8217\'92t always a pleasant, bittersweet . If the heat takes you quick its not so bad, but if it doesn\u8217\'92t, if you\u8217\'92ve rationed water well enough to die slowly, then your mouth dries out and your tongue swells up and your eyes lose their moisture and start to scratch. Then a thumping nausea works its way out from your head and into your stomach and starts to gnaw at your bones so they start to ache. It\u8217\'92s no coincidence that almost every corpse found on a Charnel Road is found curled up like fetus against the agony, though not many corpses are found because a pack of lizards can eat a well-built human in less than a hand, and when you\u8217\'92re dying of thirst, weak as a babe, you might still be alive when they do it.}}