{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A witch stood atop the tallest plateau in the Goree mountains. She stood alone, hiding, as was her custom, from the .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To the east, she saw red hills sloping gently into brittle valleys. Those rivers were dry, drained by industries of war. To the west, the mountains coursed down into a brown plain. That plain held its own rare clime, with niches for lichens that crawled along ground, sipping mist, for broad leafed plants with crenelated flowers that only opened with the moon. Brilliant red jawflies flitted from leaf to leaf, surviving on nothing but seeds. But, in the eyes of those who stood on that plain, it was nothing but flat ground; a choice sight for a battlefield. Every Spark in all the world had picked a side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The northern army was her own. She had worked these last hundered years to fight for her purpose. They had chosen it. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each lightning gleam was followed by a burst of trumpeting, as though the followers of the storm god had come together undaunted by the force of the\~tempest to hold a play in honour of their great deity. It is impossible to give any idea of the impressiveness of this act of worship. From out the impenetrable darkness, between long lines of rain, like a sword from its scabbard leapt the dazzling flash. The branches of the sacred grove moaned and swayed, bitumen dark against this more than daylight brilliance; while, from beneath their shade, each burst of flame was answered by a blare of savage trumpets, the sound subsumed by the drum of the sequent thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So long as the storm lasted the strange music continued, broken now and again by the cries of the terrified cattle, which rose in chorus from countless byres and were hardly distinguishable at times from the rude horns blown by their owners.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Their enemy was innumerable. Men. Women. Demons. These miscreants poured forth from frothing holes near the distant sea. They sustained their long march to reach this chosen site by consuming each other. They chewed as they walked, with bits and pieces falling from their mouths, such that that their long battle line left a trail of picked clean bones behind them. Those who had eaten much had grown near to the size of god-eaters, tall as small mountains themselves, mounds of flesh, roped along on rolling logs, birthing more demons to swell their ranks.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you worried that He will hear us? He can\u8217\'92t. He is too far away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Grumble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please. I know that you do not fear Him the way you did when you were a child. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve both been alive too long. For us, a bright god is little more than a reading light.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A scowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m exaggerating. I only mean to highlight how, after these many years, I\u8217\'92ve begun to lose the sense that a god\u8217\'92s essence is greater. Hide behind that scowl, if you must. I know your feelings. They are the same as mine. We\u8217\'92ve both been stewing in the futility of divine plans for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 quite}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a while. Look at our armies. Compared to the quaking earth we mustered when we were young, this is pitiable. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been slacking. But then, why should we  care about the battle to end all battles when it has all happened one hundred and twenty times before? One side will be victorious, and how does it go from there? The remnants of the defeated will find some foothold to nurse their strength, and the fight will start all over again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Signaling that fight is about to begin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m almost embarrassed that it took me so long to realize that this conflict will never end. Not so long as He is watching. You know it, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I know it.\u8221\'94 First words to this woman in one hundred thousand years was to doubt her god.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel sensitive to it. World changign to hear the voice of woman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If you had heard His name repeated,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said fervently, \u8220\'93each note entering on the finger, each new voice swelling the chord until the wash of noise did shake the earth\u8230\'85such was the echo that one and twenty blossomed into twelve and thousands!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was speaking now to the ceiling, to the stars beyond the rock, and Mandri thought he saw a younger face beneath her wrinkling years. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It did subdue Him,\u8221\'94 she claimed. \u8220\'93For an age of peace, it stilled His being.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::0>A quirked brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been delving into the mysteries of the Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 what}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen, the god of her creation, sitting there on the barren ground like a fallen star.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I suppose,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said with a sneer, \u8220\'93That there was a witch involved, warning everyone against this course of action?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the deed is done, all conventions will be ruin. The next time we meet, it will be death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t assentd but the enemy had read her }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet flies up into space. To watch it happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen stood atop the tallest plateau in the Goree mountains. He stood alone, hiding the bright light of His being from view, that the world might not catch Him watching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To the east, He saw red hills sloping gently into brittle valleys. Those rivers were dry, drained by industries of war. To the west, the mountains abruptly flattened into a brown plain. That plain held its own rare clime, with niches for lichens that crawled along ground, sipping mist, for broad leafed plants with crenelated flowers that only opened with the moon. Brilliant red jawflies flitted from leaf to leaf, surviving on nothing but seeds. But, in the eyes of those who stood on that plain, it was nothing but flat ground; a choice sight for a battlefield. Every Spark in all the world had picked a side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the far end of the sacred grove stands a tree such as we had never seen elsewhere, of which the crowded panicles of single petaled flowers, deepest crimson in colour, swayed to and fro in the breeze amid dark quivering leaves, or fell earthward in showers, like drops of new drawn blood. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The northern army was Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own. He had not asked them to fight for His purpose, they had chosen it. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each lightning gleam was followed by a burst of trumpeting, as though the followers of the storm god had come together undaunted by the force of the\~48tempest to hold a play in honour of their great deity. It is impossible to give any idea of the impressiveness of this act of worship. From out the impenetrable darkness, between long lines of rain, like a sword from its scabbard leapt the dazzling flash. The branches of the sacred grove moaned and swayed, bitumen dark against this more than daylight brilliance; while, from beneath their shade, each burst of flame was answered by a blare of savage trumpets, the sound subsumed by the drum of the sequent thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So long as the storm lasted the strange music continued, broken now and again by the cries of the terrified cattle, which rose in chorus from countless byres and were hardly distinguishable at times from the rude horns blown by their owners.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Their enemy was innumerable, drawn from women, men, and demons. These miscreants poured forth from underground, from frothing holes near the distant sea. They sustained their long march by consuming each other. They chewed as they walked, with bits and pieces falling from their mouths, such that that their long battle line had left a trail of picked clean bones behind them. Those who had eaten much had grown near to the size of god-eaters, tall as mountains themselves, roped along on rolling logs, birthing more demons to swell their ranks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen saw all this, and decided it was time. He blinked out of existence, then reappeared in front othe}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His bright being stunned all eyes into submission. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Celebrants of war .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though they did not worship him, they bowed. Though the hated him, they would not strike out, not here, for even they would abide by the oldest rule: neither of the god of gods could be killed in an act of treat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A meeting of the Envoys\u8221\'94, Solraheen said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whale demon with a human brain. The demon writhed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8221\'94 it rasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen pointed to the mountain top from which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During the dances several \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91masters of ceremonies,\u8217\'92 bearing bunches of palm-leaves, went up and down, keeping a clear space\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 driving back the circle of\~115spectators by striking these on legs and feet. Suddenly the performers scattered, leaving two of their number alone in the centre. These bent and touched the ground with their fingers, then almost immediately gripped and after a struggle, which caused the wildest excitement among the spectators, the taller and slighter of the two flung the other to earth and seated himself firmly astride the prostrate form\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to be lifted upon the shoulders of a friend and thus borne round amid the plaudits of the multitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it will be,\u8221\'94 the demon king said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the middle of his speech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85.those war mongering cowards play for tricks! That is why we always win!\u8221\'94 His voice burned with confidence, but Solraheen could see his Spark. It was despairing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 he turned to him, with tear in his, hope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A meeting of the Envoys,\u8221\'94 Solraheen said. He pointed to the mointain top from which he\u8217\'92d come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The general nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Lord,\u8221\'94 he said, head bowed in reverence. \u8220\'93May I have a moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Solraheen replied.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War mongering coward }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Erosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Antecline.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You two will be all that is left. Cannot stop your eternal struggle. I would only wish that }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Which of you is stronger?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I dont want to just outlive him. i want to visit him on his death bed and remind him that we all turn to dust, and that despite all his ambitions he will never be old enough to see them. Despite how genius of a guy he thinks he is, all that's left for him is an eternity of nothingness at best, and an eternity of hell at worst. I want him to know that his entire life project was nothing but a waste of his life, and the only thing he will experience for the short time he has left is me staring at him }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I do not worship you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This world was mine to make. I will break it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You will fight over the pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I will break this world}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pops up into space. Gets the black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 scrap of shadow\line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tempted orbit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scar contracture }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eccliptic plane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Material boiled away, denuded of volatile material,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Falling from the mountain brow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thoughts turned through central bank operations, the lonely first era, the currency denomination of trade in the early modern period, the causes of the fall of Rome, Bretton Woods, the fiscal profligacy of LBJ\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Great Society programs, the creation of the eurodollar, the internal mental states of 70\u8217\'92s Keynesian economists, the origins of money, the operation of foreign exchange markets, the Volcker shock, Newtonian mechanics and gravity wells, derivatives and the rise of modern hedge funds, the causes of the Bolshevik revolution, the origins and motivations of the Federal Reserve, and TARP. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Into more primitive categories of thought}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A separate accident, their existence, arbitrary. Inverted by a caprice of power. The true tragedy of tragic choices is that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re unchosen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Compet impact}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The battle explodes. Lines of fate tying. The demosn fall upon eachother. The gods lost the root of their power. A hunt which lasted for an age.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}