{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked her how the Soldgi Erg came to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Great}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Solgi Erg, boy.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My apologies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only a Great Erg can scour the rib of a continent. And if you remember nothing else of what I am about to say, remember this: no one knows for sure the story of the Erg\u8217\'92s creation. Yes, there are old accounts, said to have come straight from the mouth of Solraheen. These are lies. Yes, there was an age when Solraheen\u8217\'92s deigned to shape his voice into word, so that all could understand him, but that age was long before the age of signs and symbols. Details have been forgotten, some have been added, most, I would argue, are belly-aching lies. And if there\u8217\'92s a second thing that you remember, it should be this: Solraheen made those mountains of sand a long time ago, back when he walked the earth alone. That is all that can be said for the truth of it. Everything else is in doubt. Even the very name is in doubt. You know those mountains as the Great Solgi Erg for you were brought up by Solitants. But those mountains have other names. Which is the true name? Who can say?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Solitants say that Solraheen planted a stick in the ground to mark one of His garden\u8217\'92s six corners. Then he left to who-knows-where to measure out the rest of it. His passing along the surface of the earth kicked up the first wind, the Shulsai, and this breeze circled the earth and came back around to puff upon that planted stick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not too long after, a little embryo of a sand dune was built up in the stick\u8217\'92s lee. Another little after, and that dune had grown up to swallow the stick whole. You see, Mandri, sand attracts sand attracts sand. All it took was that one dune, and soon the Primal Erg was belly-full and rolling across the surface of the world, leaving littler ergs in its wake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not everyone agrees that Solraheen meant to do it. Solraheen plants a stick in the desert, the sand piles up, a sand sea forms; was it on purpose? Your Solitants think it was. How could it be any different? Solraheen does not make mistakes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But as I said, there are those who believe it was a mistake. Believe it or not, these people used to outnumber the Solitants. Yes. It was the Solitants who were heretics then. The old dogma had a different name for the Great Solgi Erg, for \u8216\'91gi\u8217\'92 means gift, and to them, the Erg was no gift. They called it the Great Solzima Erg\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 zima means\u8230\'85there\u8217\'92s no good word for it in the common tongue\u8230\'85zima is a kind of shame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These Old Believers claimed that if Solraheen had intended for the dunes to form, he would have built them with his own two hands, as he did with everything else in his many other gardens. And what\u8217\'92s more is, why should He want to turn good black earth into a mountain of sand? They could not believe that He could wander off into the middle of the world to shape lakes that reflect the light of the divine, give creatures an beauty, and yet at the same time, he left the Erg to struggle up on it\u8217\'92s own, a basic sameness of stuff with no redeeming qualities. All it did was procreate and ripple the wind. Hah! Same could be said for people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The heretics would go on to say that when Solraheen made it back around the eastern rib of the Jandrian continent and saw what he had accidentally wrought, he fell into a deep despair, and that\u8217\'92s why we have ___. Then he up and left. He gave up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri interrupted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be what happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Were you there to see it? Go out into the Sand and see the rolling dun for yourself and despair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re saying they\u8217\'92re right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Solitants have a different story. They claim that Solraheen knew the winds, he knew the appetite of the sand, for He made them. They say that Solraheen, in his infinite wisdom, knew that his hands could only make certain kinds of things; the birds of the air, the fish of the sea, you and me, but this was not enough to satisfy his creativity. He is the ultimate creator, and he delights in different mediums, and so he set the forces of the wind and sand into action with, and from this came the dunes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See how Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers across Sand? And think of the variety. There are tidal dunes in the lee of hills, echo dunes on the windward side. Crescent dunes, snake dunes, crater dunes rimmed with grass. Go to the and marvel at the array of arcs spanning , or the straight ridges of Seedra, drifting across the desert with mathematical elegance. There are stripes, domes, duckfeet, hairpins, scallops, stars, all varying in size in temperament to rival any family of flowers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The dunes are pigment, the wind is the brush, and Solraheen\u8217\'92s mind is the hand which sets them in motion. As the Dunes move they create themselves and everything else. As they drift across the plain their sand shapes rocks, they grind away at the rough edges and leave behind lumps like feces. some of these rocks are perfectly globular things. Solraheen said that they are alive just as we. , but it has purifying heart. It teaches us lessons if we\u8217\'92re willing to listen, it will grind off our rough outer edges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plant a leg in the sand, as Solraheen planted his stick, and the wave you create will become a mountain, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s passing will resound throughout eternity. That\u8217\'92s the first lesson. Mere existence is enough to change the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a nice thought, but Mandri would always wonder, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Change the world, sure, but change it for the better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo challenges storytelling abilities. They think he can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tell stories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can tell stories. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 About a witch, maybe you knew her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was a cantankerous witch who dwelt in a cave where the sea meets the Saki desert. She gained fame throughout the land for her talent of divination. If a person caught a karkoot lizard, and brought her its stomach in a jar of brine, she would fortell their future. So great were her talents that people hunted karkoots until there were none left, though that\u8217\'92s not what this story is about, that\u8217\'92s just an aside to highlight the shortsightedness of the kind of creatures which populate this story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One day a young man went to see this witch, but long before that, he was a carpenter\u8217\'92s son. His father, the carpenter, wasn\u8217\'92t rich, for he was a carpenter. Woe betide, his son was a profligate child\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that means he was wasteful. Whether it was beer, women, or friends, he spent his father\u8217\'92s money without concern. He had no respect for his father\u8217\'92s work. In a way, you can\u8217\'92t blame the boy. Most of his life he was too young to understand how hard his father worked, and when he was old enough to know, the father\u8217\'92s efforts were out of sight because the father had paid for schooling in another city in the hopes that his son would surpass him in society.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, the son, living in a different city, he takes the father\u8217\'92s money that was meant for his education, and he spends it on beer, women, and friends. His life\u8217\'92s prospects quickly come to nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When the father finds out that his own son has beggared them both, his rage\u8230\'85his rage is profound. It might be hard for you two to understand because you don\u8217\'92t have children-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do you,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but you see, we Mazyd are supremely empathetic creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not that you aren\u8217\'92t, it\u8217\'92s simply different. Let me try to paint the father\u8217\'92s rage for you\u8230\'85I think you two, considering your present circumstances, have some sympathy for the idea that human life is some kind of mistake. It lacks purpose. Contrast that with me, not only was I built for an explicit purpose, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  what it is. You, however, you must have a nagging sense of the absence of yours. At least we can say that it is not at all clear what that purpose is \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the Solitants admit as much? I would argue that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clearly obvious that you have no purpose. I can prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hogwash.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of it like this, if you ever find yourself blessed with wealth and health beyond comprehension, what happens to you then? I can tell you what happens as I\u8217\'92ve seen how wealth impoverishes first hand through the eyes of the lives of Hrkan royalty. Without anything to distract them, one would think they would be happy now that they\u8217\'92re swimming freely in their natural purpose, but that\u8217\'92s not what happens, what happens is that they become bored. Totally bored. A boredom so thorough and complete that some kill themselves. That might be hard four you to understand for you all, but I speak the truth. The boredom is complete. And what does that mean if a person, free from the indignities of discomfort, resorts, naturally, to boredom? It means that you have no intrinsic purpose, for if you had one, surely your natural state would reflect it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does any of this have to do with the carpenter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, this the backdrop to every human struggle. You see, human purpose is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 crafted, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and that means it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something you can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lose}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . And I put it to you that losing your purpose is the greatest horror a human can experience. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t smile, Mandri, you of all people should know this. You\u8217\'92re so scared to lose your purpose that you won\u8217\'92t even make one in the first place. You\u8217\'92re sitting firmly in that quarter of all people who got burnt when they were young and have let that little taste of horror clam them up for the rest of their life. This isn\u8217\'92t a value judgment, in fact I think you\u8217\'92re sane to clam up. Your just unlucky that you aren\u8217\'92t part of that quarter of all people who are so inured to the vagaries of life that they don\u8217\'92t ever think about their purpose. Then there\u8217\'92s that other quarter, the religious types who hide their purpose in the metaphysical realm, so by definition it can\u8217\'92t be lost and so they don\u8217\'92t have to worry about it. Then there\u8217\'92s the rest, those intrepid souls who set out and try to make their purpose clear. Most of these settle with making their family their purpose. The carpenter was such a man. His son was his purpose in life. To borrow a figurative turn from the poet Sovrabeen, his son was his challenge to the void. And he lost. And it wasn\u8217\'92t taken from him, it was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 squandered}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . If his son were killed he could have moved into grief, but no, the father had challenged the void and the void had answered back by corrupting his son, turning him into the living embodiment of a life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wasted labor. At least, that\u8217\'92s how the father saw it. How could he see it different? As Seb might say, the carpenter was who he was. And what did he do? He made a coffin and sent it with a messenger to his son. Inside the coffin was a note from the father which said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To put it lightly, this message greatly disturbed the son. He might have been a wastrel, but a self-obsessed wastrel was he. He saw the coffin and the note and realized that he didn\u8217\'92t want to die, much less did he want to be killed by his own father. He began to see his old man in every shadow. He couldn\u8217\'92t enjoy himself. He couldn\u8217\'92t go to taverns, or whorehouses, he couldn\u8217\'92t sleep in the same place twice. This was no way to live, so what did he do? Well, he was a wastrel, he couldn\u8217\'92t confront even the thought of a confrontation, so he decided to run away and find a witch fix his problem for him. If a witch could predict his future, then he could, he hoped, formulate a plan to avoid his father\u8217\'92s wrath. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, he found a karkoot lizard, stuck it in a jar of brine, and set off to see the cantankerous witch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When the wastrel finally set foot in the witches cave, he said to her, \u8216\'91My own father is trying to kill me. What should I do?\u8217\'92 Unfortunately for him, this was the wrong kind of question to ask, because the old witch dealt with facts, with certainties about the future. She wanted to hear questions like, \u8216\'91What will happen on third full moon?\u8217\'92, or, \u8216\'91When will the rains come?\u8217\'92, that sort of thing. When someone came along asking for general advice, like, \u8216\'91What should I do?\u8217\'92, suffice to say, she didn\u8217\'92t like it, and hers was a silent, vindictive anger. She smoked up and did the whole song and dance for the wastrel son, and when she was done she said to him, \u8216\'91When you leave this place, the first thought that enters your head is what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  do\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92. It was needlessly ambiguous, but that was the point, as I\u8217\'92m sure our dear Elrahet can attest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Watch it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean no offense. You see, this witch was old and long in the trade, as you, and she knew what kind of customer this wastrel was and how her response would weigh on him. And it did weigh on him. He heard the witches words and jumped to the conclusion that his father was waiting just outside the cave, and that the \u8216\'91first thought\u8217\'92 that would enter his head would be his father\u8217\'92s blade. So he didn\u8217\'92t leave. He stayed right there in that witch\u8217\'92s cave and refused to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch, of course, tried in vain to shoo him out. Her plan had backfired. She was stuck with this wastrel who was convinced that the moment he left her cave, he would be struck dead. The witch tried to tell him that his father couldn\u8217\'92t be sitting right outside her cave for all eternity, but the son didn\u8217\'92t buy it. It\u8217\'92s not that he thought his father was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  watching the cave, but that, in the haunted speculat of the superstitious, whenever he decided to leave, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s precisely when his father would show up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch eventually gave up trying to convince the boy that he could safely leave, and she told him that he could stay if he did chores for her, like scrubbing the cave floor, making fires, cooking, and whatnot. So the son stayed. After many, many years of this arrangement, the witch eventually died, and the carpenter\u8217\'92s son succeeded her because he had been, unknowing to them both, the witch\u8217\'92s apprentice. He had learned how to divine the future by watching the witch read the folds in fish stomachs. He had, on accident, become his own man with his own profession. The witch was dead, but people kept coming to the cave anyways. It is said that this wastrel\u8217\'92s divinations transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, for even kings would seek his sight to plan the courses of their wars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The great irony of all this is that the note the carpenter sent to his son was not a threat. If you remember, the note in the coffin said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that was a mere statement of fact; everybody dies. The father had no intention of hunting down his son. So there\u8217\'92s a sweetness in the knowledge that a simple reminder of what was coming did more than anything the father could have done to shape his son\u8217\'92s life. I don\u8217\'92t know if the father lived long enough to discover that his son had become a great diviner and shaped the course of history, but I like to think that the abatement of his despair would have been most sublime, for he had, unknowingly, triumphed against the void.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence, the story wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t half-bad, but no one wanted to admit it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder if the witch knew that the wastrel son would become her successor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course she did. She was a diviner. She divined the future and knew what to say to make it happen. The carpenter\u8217\'92s son was as much her son as the carpenters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why did she try to convince him to leave?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of the telling, Mandri, don\u8217\'92t think too much about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s a poor telling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up. \u8220\'93You think you can do better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know a story about a son. A godly son. Upright in his parent\u8217\'92s eyes and in Solraheen\u8217\'92s. That is, until the day he met a girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Typical\u8221\'94, Purl groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shameful to relate, the story of a young man kidnapped by demons to a satin bed. The demons stroked his body in the most delicate of embraces, and fondled his uglies with their half-human, half-animal appendages, so as to win a depraved victory over him. Inspired by the grace of Solraheen, the young man bit off his tongue. The emphatic pain, and then the coldness of death, rescued him from his lust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are the poorest person I know. You suffer from a poverty of thought.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They asked Purl if she had any stories to tell. She flashed a meek smile and said no. Mandri and Obo wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have it. Mandri said that he would bet the weight of Purl\u8217\'92s pack that she knew at least one story. Obo said that stories are what human beings }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , so it was impossible that she shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know any. But the issue wasn\u8217\'92t that Purl didn\u8217\'92t know any stories, it was that she didn\u8217\'92t like how excited she got when she told them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what,\u8221\'94 said Purl, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got a story about a different kind of son. It\u8217\'92s a story about the son of a red-crowned lizard. And red-crown lizards, if you don\u8217\'92t know, like to live in mounds made out of their own shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite true,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is in this story. This lizard family\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mother, father, and their forty children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they lived in a mound made entirely out of their own poop. Whenever someone had to poop, they looked for a wall that needed mending and they let loose. Then the sun sun baked the shit into a shit brick and that was that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Charming,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, one lizard son didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound a shit. His parents asked him, \u8216\'91What\u8217\'92s wrong? Why don\u8217\'92t you like it here?\u8217\'92 and the son said, obviously, \u8216\'91because this place is a mound of shit.\u8217\'92 The father pretended to laugh, and said, \u8216\'91Very funny. Now go fix the front door\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This lizard son was dutiful son, and so he did what his father commanded, he lifted his tail and pooped on front door. Still\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound of shit. He went back to the father and said, \u8216\'91Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the finches, who live in cups of sticks and moss? Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the rats, who live deep underground in burrows? Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the humans, who live wherever they want?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The father said, \u8216\'91We do not have wings, so where are going to get sticks and moss? We do not have digging claws, so how can we dig into the earth? We do not have beer, so how can we live wherever we want? No, my son, we have to count on what we do have, and what we do have is poop. Now go chew a hole in the living room wall, we\u8217\'92re looking to expand.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dutifully, the son chewed a hole in the living room wall. His mouth was full of his family\u8217\'92s leavings, and he realized, now more than ever, that he didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound of shit. He decided then and there that enough was enough and he was going to leave. So he wiggled out and set off into the desert.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He didn\u8217\'92t return home for five years, which, for a red-crown lizard, made him old enough to be a grandfather. His parents were long dead. One of his lizard sisters now owned the mound.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sister, trying to be a most gracious host, invited her long lost brother inside for dinner. The brother declined. When the sister asked why, the brother answered, \u8216\'91Because you live in a mound of shit. I\u8217\'92ve traveled the world and have slept in the houses of birds, and rats, and humans, and I\u8217\'92ve even snuck into a snake\u8217\'92s den! None of them were so foul as this.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sister said, \u8216\'91Come now, brother, it\u8217\'92s not that bad. We\u8217\'92ve added a second floor.\u8217\'92 The brother said, \u8216\'91No thank, you,\u8217\'92 and he left. As he left, he heard his sister shout at one of her many children, saying, \u8216\'91The floor should be clean enough to eat off!\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The old brother was sad at this parting. After all the glorious homes he\u8217\'92d seen, it hurt to see his sister and her family living in such squalor. He decided to do something about it. He thought that all they needed was a push out the door and they\u8217\'92d see for themselves that a mound of shit is the worst kind of house to live in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So he journeyed back to the snake whose home he\u8217\'92d snuck into. This time, however, he revealed himself to the snake. He said to the snake, \u8216\'91I know you want to eat me, but if you can hold your appetite, I will lead you to a mound of shit that is crawling with lizards. It will be the easiest feast of your life.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The snake was skeptical. It asked the old lizard, \u8216\'91Why would you betray your kin like this?\u8217\'92 And the lizard said, \u8216\'91I will you lead you there on the condition that you promise to leave at least one boy and one girl alive, so that they can carry on the family name. Also, and this is the most important thing, you have to completely destroy that mound of shit.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The snake wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he wanted to do it. He had no arms and legs, so if he wanted to destroy the mound he\u8217\'92d have to roll around in it. But the promise of an easy meal was too good to pass up, so he said to the old lizard, \u8216\'91lead on\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The lizard led the snake back to his sister\u8217\'92s home, and the snake did what he promised. He ate the sister and her husband, and most of their children too, and he rolled around in the pile of dried shit, crushing it into dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only two lizards survived. A boy and a girl. Without a home they were forced to wander around in the desert. Their old, kinslaying uncle followed them from afar, eager to see how they fared, but not wanting to intrude on their new lives and the experiences that awaited them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eventually, the young brother and sister got tired of not having a permanent home. The girl said to her brother, \u8216\'91I just want my own bed to sleep in.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy said, \u8216\'91I wish the same. We should build a house.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91How do you build a house?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91I don\u8217\'92t know. What was it grandfather was always saying?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91He always said that all we\u8217\'92ve got is our poop.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And it just so happened that right next to them was a brick of poop that one of them had left sitting there from the day before. And I\u8217\'92m sure you know what happened next\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the two lizards built a new mound of poop to live in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, when the old lizard saw that his niece and nephew had reverted back to the old ways, he became distressed. He wandered back into the snake\u8217\'92s den, and the snake, surprised to see him, asked him, \u8216\'91Why have you returned?\u8217\'92 To this the old lizard replied, \u8216\'91Because they can\u8217\'92t think of anything else but shit.\u8217\'92 Then the snake ate the old lizard, and that\u8217\'92s the end of the story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri screwed up his nose and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how that story goes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl sneered back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it goes, because that\u8217\'92s how I said it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to appeal to Obo for an unbiased judgment, but Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl\u8217\'92s right. The storyteller makes the rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a little contrived for my tastes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, It\u8217\'92s about Hrk, isn\u8217\'92t it? Hrk is the mound of poop. Civilization is the mound of poop? Everyone is just too inured to that way to imagine a better way of doing things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said it, not me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on, that\u8217\'92s exactly what it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the artist. You would know wouldn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your damned right. And let me give you some advice: good art leaves room for ambiguity. That\u8217\'92s why nobody likes an allegory. They\u8217\'92re boring. It\u8217\'92s too obvious, and if an idea is obvious, it dies out in a generation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said there\u8217\'92s no such thing as good art?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did. But that\u8217\'92s another matter altogether.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The main summary:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Our DOF Overmars got sacked after it was revealed he had been sending dick pics to female office workers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ten Hag left at the end of that season}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We had no DOF, so Overmars's assistants Hamstra and Huntelaar did the summer transfers that summer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We got former Ten Hag assistant Alfred Schreuder as manager, a boring but sort of predictable choice}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After Ten Hag left several players wanted out, such as Martinez and Antony}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Huntelaar and Hamstra ended up selling them for massive amounts against Schreuder's wishes and signed poor-fitting replacements}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Schreuder failed to meet expectations and got sacked, replaced by Heitinga who was also not ready}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Veteran players like Klaassen, Blind and Tadic started complaining about a lack of vision and wanted out, they all left, leaving 0 leaders in the team}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Van der Sar resigned as CEO due to the collapse, Ajax found a successor in AZ director Alex Kroes but he cannot work for us until March 2024 due to a non compete clause}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sven Mislintat was brought in as DOF, but the board were opposed to hiring both a foreign DOF and manager, so they blocked him from pursuing Kjetil Knutsen. They also refused to get Bosz back in, instead Ajax settled for Sparta manager Maurice Steijn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Steijn and Mislintat butted heads immediately: Stein demanded experienced Dutch players to replace leadership skills in the team while Mislintat signed mostly overperforming foreign players based on data. Mislintat also sold the last remaining leaders in the team (Alvarez and Timber)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Bergwijn was given the armband because there were no better alternatives, even though he's hopelessly out of form and looks miserable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mislintat got sacked because none of his signings seem to have immediate impact and he was allegedly doing shady deals with agents to sign their players and pocket a cut of the fee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The entire squad is just teenagers and out of place looking foreigners right now, a complete mess from end to end}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first night, Ayram said he had to sleep up off the ground. Mandri asked why and Ayram said that he was better off not knowing. Everyone agreed that it was best he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know. They made him sleep atop a . Little saucers that they filled wtih water. Little lizards would come in sip, and when Mandri pointed out that they were sipping, Moteah said to shoo the lizards away and keep filling the saucers with water. Mandri thought it was all a prank until he saw a glistening.}}