{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thooz}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Olydore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s court}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tretch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guglielma of Milan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You smell like a pile of dead leaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forward my prayer}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Pocket universes nucleate\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I was slain before the foundation of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was stomach and skin, fingers and toes, the wind, dust swimming in beads of rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rhythm. Swimming Fin. Upper feeding into lower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Erosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Antecline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dipping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Limestone wedge holding up the ridge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Javelina chew as they walk so bits and pieces fall from their mouths, sometimes leaving a short trail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Falling from the mountain brow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 scrap of shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its eyes are equipped with nictitating membranes (transparent third eyelids) which protect the eyes from flying dirt while the  badger is digging. Small well-furred ears also help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93TRAINED IN THE ART OF WOMAN STANDING STILL\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought about cooking a nice, meaty, white-tail soup. vision of flaky white meat spiced with bitter herbs, all swimming in a creamy yellow broth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Love is a lack of self control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a map of the balkans. It always repays inspection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Scintilla of doubt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 My movements are as truly timed as those of the planets in their courses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no gainsaying it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 vitiated\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  stand on all ten and be yourself }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Backstreet tk look like he was born next to a bag of chitterlings}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 flensing ritual - }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salt pork.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke cures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feet, legs, front quarters, hindquarters. A head}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reuse Feather-plucking demon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your mind is miscalibrated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Messlessness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tempted orbit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scar contracture }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eccliptic plane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interior polygon of inscribed and circumscribed circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Euclids deductive framework}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Derangement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~pressure dressings to alleviate the effects of burns and blistering, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 surfeit of convoluted expression }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every problem is a constrained, intertemporal, stochastic optimization problem }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hidebound reactionary }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maize mixed with slaked lime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War mongering coward }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oleaginous }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Up-and-walking good}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A whig was a scottish cattle driver. A tory was an irish catholic horsetheif.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beach break, boils of sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the deformity worsens, pits, nodules, fissures, lobulations, and pedunculation contort the nose }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fresher in the middle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Accordian cut - butterfly cut meat - smoked, slt cured,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Parched corn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dig up barrel of salted meat out of the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deadfall branches - dried out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pemmican - thin dried slices across the grain. Dried completely. Pounded into a fiber, pulverised, mixed with suet - 2-1 meat to suet. Suet covering meat fibers - to prevent air and moisture getting in. Placed in leather bag - hide of the bison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corn meal and lard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Ventilate him.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 +++You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want it to be tasty so that you eat it all up at once. You could eat it raw, but usually you prepared a dish - soup called roobabo, stew. Root vegetables.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On 3 October, Dafydd was drawn through the streets of Shrewsbury to his place of execution, attached to a horse's tail. There he was hanged until losing consciousness, then revived, disembowelled, eviscerated, and made to watch as his entrails burned before him for "sacrilege in committing his crimes in the week of Christ's passion" (Easter) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was an area where, as at wadi kubbaniya, foragers relied heavily on seasonally flooded embayents, places where catfish and tilapia  gathered and dense mats of purple nut grass grew.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cooking sedge bulbs in hot ashes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Andaman girl wearing her sisters skull like a backpack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_H::1>In his enthusiasm and need, has made some very strange statements.<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like a scab you know you shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t scratch, but it feels so good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creaking bleats of the clapper rail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suet - internal cavity fat that has a more chalky or stringy texture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Might as well try to strike fire from a cake of tallow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hop yellow glands }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All beers have some base malt in them, the enzymes convert the starches into sugars which the yeast converts into alcohol. This tastes \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91green\u8217\'92 vegetal. Add roasted malts for flavor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scottish malt - malt that has been peated, peaty means smoked malt.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I think I have a ... not strong but moderate justification for proof of the best electrical contacts to highly phosphorous doped diamond via laser processing, beating nanocarbon and thermal graphitisation techniques by two orders of magnitude past the double Schottky turn-on voltage. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Toothache - pack tooth with raven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dung to rot it out. - heat up a needle to burn out the nerve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood letting - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a delicate little plant like you\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Same with morel mushrooms, eat them raw and you'll wish for death, but boil them like 20 times and they'll make the most amazing sauce, however some of them are like 1000 times more poisonous, so boiling it doesn't help, it's a Russian roulette with mushrooms. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Noted - arrow made of wood which explodes into shards that sneak into faceplate and under visor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a much younger part of my life, I used to chase after Chuckar Partridge in the desert American West. These live in steep rimrock mountains, among sagebrush and cheat grass. They tend to run uphill and fly downhill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've seen a covey of Chuckar partridge literally running straight up over vertical or even overhanging rimrock ledges, with their wings out assisting. It's kind of extraordinary and magical looking.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Predator  - you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to win, you just have t obe more trouble than you\u8217\'92re worth - honeybadger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a taut thought.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deep declivity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suicide is not a matter of social obloquy on trantor}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 marks in the  eyebrow fron cuts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d make a vulture puke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't want to be studied, I wanna be taught \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I will not be studied in schools, I will be taught.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a metalepsis of prophosaic fulfillment\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Metalepsis is a figure of speech that involves crossing the boundaries between different narrative worlds }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gigantheophany}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Post-liberal christianity as a result of the hermeneutic circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But you can do this with any text.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Planetary obliquity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caustics of the water furtling the banks}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lips with a humerous curl}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gallant lies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ya bonghit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smooth toke.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I must make bold with your chair}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People who cripple themselves to beg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Going blind from phenereal worms in the eyeballs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women with half-dead children in their arms dying from amoebic dysentary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The maid who cleaned my friends apartment would get a dollar a day for scrubbing the floors from morning to night. I tried to give her an extra dollar, she thought I was propositioning her as a whore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rome was a slave state - african grain mills, spanish mines. Apuleius - Their whole bodies picked out with livid weals, their whip-scarred backs shaded rather than covered by their tattered rags, some with only a scanty loin-cloth by way of covering\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 There were branded foreheads, half-shaven heads, and fettered ankles; their faces were sallow, their eyes so bleared by the smoky heat of the furnaces that they were half blind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 horizon based astronomy }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a line of nerves in the shin, make it explode by leaning on it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he grabs you, hack at the radial nerve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stewskin}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spry}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carbuncle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bunged flask }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Virgin whores }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkidkzsO1pQ}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anything that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mineralized, if it has this dark stuff on it, particularly if its pitted, we probably have gold in it. The pits being whats left over from once having iron pyrite that has since dissolved out. Maybe some feldspar. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First of all theres some stockwork. Little holes in it. Long mineral features which are going through it. Remnant material. A mesh network of some mineral, with another inbetween it. But one of the minerals got dissolved away or was oxidized or something. Usually gas bubbles, but I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think so because they have these long ridges which are indications of mineralizations that connected all the little spots. Red oxidaion from oxidation of iron pyrite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water dissolves quartz. Preciptates as veins. Stuff goes in veins. Maybe sulfides, maybe gold, so quarttz veins have a lot of geochemical action. It all happens at high pressure and high temperature, you only see it here after it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been eroded by tectonics. Under pressure water is about 1000 degrees.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chatter and mash there mouths}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slicked with filth \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  ai LOVES the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91slicked\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clawing their way out of probability}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gunshot wound produces a hemorrhagic tract that traverse the following: the soft tissues of the right lower posterolateral torso. Retroperitoneum below the right posterior 12th rib. Right iliopsoas muscle. Ascending colon and small bowel near the ligament of Treitz. Medial left diaphragm. Pericardium. Apex of the heart. Left lung (lingula). Left pleura. Left anterior 4th rib and intercostal soft tissues. Left pectoarlismuscle. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scalp does not show galeal or subgaleal hemorrhage. The calvarium and base of the skull are intact. There is no epidural, subdural, or subarachnoid hemorrhage. The 1450-gram brain is somewhat pale. The cranial nerves are within normal limits. The cortical ribbon is intact. There is no white matter hemorrhage. The substantia nigra is gray. The Ammons horns do not show sclerosis. The ventricals are in tact. The pons, midbrain, cerebellum, and medulla are unremarkable. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Atp God could part the clouds and directly scream "LOM RUDY, I'M TALKING TO YOU, LEAVE THIS STREET SHIT ALONE" and he'd be like "damn that thunder sound crazy lol" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not only are they almost all American elms, most of them are the Brandon variety of American elm - a particular cultivar that has an ideal vase-like form that makes vaulted cathedral canopies over city streets. They're so genetically similar they might as well be clones. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Green-ish chrome bearing muscovite mica which can occur in the san gabriel mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 White rock with green minerals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most magmas are silicate magmas, have a lot of sio2 in them. They rise up and intrude on carbonate rock, like limestone and marble. What happens is chemistry - silicate reactes with materials in carbonate rocks, so we get calcium, silica, and magnesium. Scratch very easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feldspar grains. Quartz inclusions. Andesite - volcanic rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 --THat whole rivver is what we call an accreted terrain, which is that whole bunch of crust slammed into california illions of years ago, so its a subduction zone, but a little chunk of it got slammed in and stuck there, and that old chunk that got stuck there is part of what was an island arc, a chain of volcanoes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I could be wrong, but I dont think I am, but that looks quite like shell cordovan, which is the membrane under the hide on the rump of horses. It doesnt crease like regular leather but rolls, just like how yours looks. It is a membrane and not leather, it has no pores, barely stretches, its incredibly tough, and costs at least 2x the price of the same model footwear made of the finest calf. It also has a depth of color that is unlike any other leather. Its smooth, can be shined up without polish, and can last decades with basic maintenance, it can truly be a BIFL material (shoes will still need to be resoled). It takes a long time to make, and each horse can only provide a small amount of shell, hence the price. I didn't know Farragamo makes/sells shell, but I am not surprised. Did this pair happen to cost much more than most other versions of their loafers? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through stone - coping stone, keep the stones underneath aligned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Takes one man a year to build a mile of wall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Puncture eardrums with sewing needles because he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t listen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tke his ears}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, no, because he looks like he can listen. Take the eardrums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horse crippler.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bunchgrass}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wasp digging like a dog.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buckthorn-branches that taper into a pont.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water pools up then evaporates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peeled back corollas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wooly, graucous, chalky green.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glistening nectar in the center of the flower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wax, hairs, deep taproot. Storage root to die back to. When conditions improve, send up another shoot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Encomium}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wool - adaptation to the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pig\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trotter}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rested in the lap of an undulating upland. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thatched and dormered dwelling houses. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Trees felled on the green.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 belay your swivel tongue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 scut your hide out of here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 hear the full of this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 chicken hearted}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Transformed agatized coral into killing blades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Immense midddens of discarded oyster shells. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sybaritic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have all been here like a litter of hungry suckling pigs, squalling and rooting each other from the teats.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A foul blot on the escutcheon of the nation! - thomas L mckenney}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dialogue of the deaf.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ground rattlers in the bootjacks of palms,dining on passing tree frogs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cut it with a sharp knife, reasoning that a sharp knife makes it too easy to inadvertently cut bitter material into the pot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The leaf bases are pulled off, and any material that can be snapped cleanly off the bottom goes into the ice water, which keeps the cabbage from oxidizing and turning brown. If it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t snap cleanly, it is rejected. As leaves are removed, the diameter of the heart keeps decreasing until it becomes possible to jsut cut across the entire mass of developing leaves. You can overcook swamp cabbage into mush, and you can add too many overwhelming ingredients , bu the main emeny of good swamp cabbage is bitterness. Thats because not all of the white heart material is suitable for eating \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  someo f it is quite bitter, and jimbo and buddy swore that even a small piece of the bitter material could ruin a potful. Buddy\u8217\'92s daddy told him blooming palms are more bitter, and recently eh\u8217\'92s had experiences that tend to support that observation. Others believe you need to avoid old palms and ones near the water. Buddy is careful to store the buds horizontally or, if stacked leaning, to keep the original orientation fo the bud. Storing them upside down apparently allows the bitter components to seep downward and ruin the cabbage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bodies were disinterred by the hogs within a few weeks after the battle, in consequence of which the bones and skulls were scattered broadcast over the battlefield.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A place where the river flows underground for a few hundred yards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}