{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76939/pg76939-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76939/pg76939-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Colour, a universal source of enjoyment, so essential an element of decorative art, has not been hitherto the subject of such investigations as to place its powers, harmonies, and discordances among matters of scientific certainty. A few traditionary dogmas have been the only guide of ordinary workmen, while success in design, as well as in the higher regions of art, has been dependent upon that rare union of faculties vaguely denoted by the indefinite, unsatisfactory term, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93taste.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 has commonly been condemned as notoriously arbitrary, destitute of any reference to principle, and deficient in that satisfying richness and beauty which result from harmonious combinations. Although often overcharged with colour, and of costly elaboration, our manufactures have too often proved that the designer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in ignorance of a true, infallible standard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 has mistaken gaudiness for splendour, and capricious strangeness for improvement; and, for want of a better claim to popular favour, has constantly sought it by \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93leaning on novelty, his fickle, frail support.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {It thus appears, by what has been said concerning the physical composition of solar light, that if the whole of the coloured light which is absorbed by a coloured body were reunited with the whole of the light which it reflects, white light would result. Now, it is this property of two variously coloured lights, taken in a certain proportion, to reproduce white light, that we express by the words coloured lights complementary to each other, or complementary colours. It is in this sense that we say,}
\par\plain {Red}
\par\plain {is complementary}
\par\plain {to}
\par\plain {Green,}
\par\plain {and}
\par\plain {vice vers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Now two colours in juxtaposition,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 o}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 , will differ from each other in the greatest possible degree when the complementary of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 o}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is added to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and the complementary of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is added to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 o}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; indeed by the juxtaposition of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 o}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the rays of the colour\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 o}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~reflects when it is seen alone, and which are active in that case, cease to be so when\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 o}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~are in juxtaposition. Now under these circumstances, each of the two colours, losing what it has analogous to the other, must be so much more different from it.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }