{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was hauled out of the pit cave on a knotted rope. Once out on the surface, he got his first real look at the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Pitted Portion. He\u8217\'92d seen paintings of it, as any time a person wants to bring the magic of the wider world into their home they order the standard eight-piece polyptych of the Sand\u8217\'92s Eight Portions, and when it came to the Pitted Portion, the painting was more or less the same every time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a view from high up in the western Hias looking down at landscape of barren rock dotted with large pits like the one he\u8217\'92d just been pulled out of. In Hrkan eyes, it was a land in which to sweep the spall of battered nations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It turns out, those paintings were lies, for laid out before Mandri was an ordinary desert plain, with stands of green scrub-brush battling against stands of pink-flowered browngrass, with splotches of barren rock here and there acting as a no man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s land between these warring tribes. And so far as Mandri could see, there was only one other pit about a hundred yards to the north. There might have been more of them, but he didn\u8217\'92t have time to find out because Tob plopped a heavy, knobby sack onto his shoulder and told him he had to carry it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The heat of the afternoon sun was sweltering, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs were still deeply sore. His mind was the only part of him in full working order, and that was no good because a sober and alert Mandrameen was a complainer. Two gruff men walked alongside him, and one of them smelled like a festering sore. The other man was Moto, the Zosan who\u8217\'92d helped chop off Obo\u8217\'92s legs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had spent a lot of effort trying to get away from people like Moto. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tried running away to be a farmer. He\u8217\'92d tried losing himself in burgeons. He even tried dying. Yet here he was, meandering through the Pitted Portion, far enough out in the wilderness to wonder if anyone had ever stepped foot on this spot of earth before, and there was Moto, striding alongside, a good and well-adjusted person. Mandri hated well-adjusted people. They were too judgy. Mandri could tell, just by looking at Moto, that the man judged people based on appearances alone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And damn it, the man was handsome, with sharp, even features and a chiseled jaw. Goodly height, broad shoulders, and his bird-bright eyes looked out at the world like it was all a game and people were toys. Even when standing still the man was dynamic. Standing still, he looked exactly like a heroic statue of Zos, a swerve of coiled strength. And his color was an exact match in shade to the color of Zos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s painted skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 two parts umber, one part Wazian blue. To top it off, his garb was disgustingly fashionable, with his orange robe tucked and folded along the chest into a series of inverted triangles that accentuated the athletic V of his torso. Such considerations, set against the struggle for survival out in the Sand, was rude. It was rude to look so healthy. Moto even had a sword with a gold plated hilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, it was clear that Moto was well-adjusted, and in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, being well-adjusted to this hateful world was a clear sign of derangement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually, Mandri lagged behind on account of his abiding weakness. Moto dropped back with him. The two were walking side by side around bush and bramble. Mandri wondered aloud where they were going. Moto said that they were following the road. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer Mandri\u8217\'92s question, so he asked, \u8220\'93The road?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t see the road?\u8221\'94 Then he laughed again. His was an arrogant laugh. It started with a twinge of annoyed disbelief and ended in a derisive smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thing was, Mandri did see the road. They were walking along the gentlest raised hump of earth which snaked away into the infinite distance, a slope so slight and obscured by brush that, sure, it was easy to miss, or easy to mistake for a natural drift of dirt, but Mandri saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know about charnel roads?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew about charnel roads but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to engage the man. He kept his eyes down and tried to look like he was too miserable to talk, which was easy to do because it was mostly true. He clutched his handless wrist against his chest to play up his condition, but Moto didn\u8217\'92t care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the Bazul Road,\u8221\'94 Moto said grandly. \u8220\'93The whole Sand is full of charnel roads just like this one.\u8221\'94 He kicked the ground and scattered some loose stones, as if doing so made the road\u8217\'92s existence more believable. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t see it because it\u8217\'92s so overgrown.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is\u8230\'85it is\u8230\'85So look, I\u8217\'92m going to ask you some questions, and I want you to answer them truthfully and to the best of your ability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 and was hopeful about it, because he wanted to get some information in return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Mandrameen. People call me Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said answer the question to the best of your ability. Was that the best answer you could give?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reflexively smiled to soothe Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hostile demeanor. It didn\u8217\'92t work. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93Usually when people ask that question they\u8217\'92re asking for a name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Usually people don\u8217\'92t preface a question by telling you to answer it to the best of your ability. So, I\u8217\'92ll ask again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Mandri, and I was a farmer, and before that I was a painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A painter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting\u8230\'85but that makes sense\u8230\'85your type tend to be\u8230\'85ill-adjusted. A perfect choice for food for the Amalgamete. I interrupted. Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I like burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could tell that much by looking at you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, Mandri, did you seek out the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I don\u8217\'92t even know what it is. The last thing I remember, I was being killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killed where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In Meskalim.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meskalim\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mention of Meskalim seemed to confirm one of Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suspicions. \u8220\'93So you were chosen. And why do you think you were chosen to be served to the Amalgamete? Give it some thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said give it some thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can give it all the thought I want, it won\u8217\'92t help. I honestly have no idea what\u8217\'92s going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop,\u8221\'94 Moto commanded, pulling on Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder-slung sack to force compliance. \u8220\'93You been brought back to life,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93But whether or not you stay that way is going to depend upon }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 how }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 you answer my questions. Notice that I put emphasis on the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how\u8217\'92. I\u8217\'92m talking about respect. Be thorough. And don\u8217\'92t lie.\u8221\'94 Moto frowned his disappointment, as if he already knew Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t going to do any of these things. \u8220\'93The Sand is big, but there\u8217\'92s no room for a lying boy who can\u8217\'92t do the one thing he\u8217\'92s supposed to be able to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "And what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that, exactly?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. His indignation was livening him up. If he wasn\u8217\'92t careful, he might do something regrettable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram already explained your purpose to you. If you don\u8217\'92t like it, I could have you put right back where you were found.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was fine where I was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? You\u8217\'92re fine with being fed to the stomach of demons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never tried it before, so I can\u8217\'92t say for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stepped back in shock and hissed. Mandri knew it was taboo to joke about anything as dark as a demon, especially out in the Sand, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t joking. Well, he was joking, but there was a kernel of honest truth hidden inside that fake offhand remark, and that was enough to set Moto on edge. And it was strange that Moto should pick up on it, as it was unusual for a well-adjusted person to see a playful stab at despair for what it was. Usually, it goes right over their head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Start walking,\u8221\'94 Moto commanded, and they both set off again, shoes and boots stomping along the charnel road. But it was different now, Moto had become a different person, more serious and bothered. He eyed Mandri though a worrisome squint. \u8220\'93That kind of talk is how I can tell you\u8217\'92re a burgeon biter,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93They all get thrown out into the Sand eventually. Sometimes Ayram takes them up, but it\u8217\'92s always a mistake because a burgeon biter\u8217\'92s mind is too\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s too short-sighted. They can\u8217\'92t think about the future. Do you follow me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes\u8221\'94 to try and stave off any further explication, but Moto went ahead anyways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe you when you say you think you\u8217\'92re better off being food. You don\u8217\'92t fear death, because how could you? Death is in the future and you\u8217\'92ve got no conception of that. You may think that\u8217\'92s all well and fine, because who wants to be living in fear of death, and you\u8217\'92re right, but see, it\u8217\'92s not the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 being }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dead that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to be afraid of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s the act of dying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The more Moto spoke, the more he was getting wrapped up in his own words, and he was using his hands to do it. He spoke with his hands and his shoulders as much as his mouth, though the heavy pack bouncing around was a mild impairment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You died once already, but it couldn\u8217\'92t have been bad because your body isn\u8217\'92t broken. I assume you were strangled. Am I right? That\u8217\'92s one of the easiest ways a man can go. But you\u8217\'92re out in the Sand now, and I don\u8217\'92t think you appreciate the implication of that. This road we\u8217\'92re standing on, you see it's this hump here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94, Moto traced the gentle contour of the road\u8217\'92s hump with an open hand. \u8220\'93It goes on further than you\u8217\'92d think is possible. The Bazul Road. One of the charnel roads. You know what a charnel road is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re sacred roads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto grunted and spat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A road can\u8217\'92t be sacred any more than a rock can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what a Solitant would say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solitants don\u8217\'92t know shit. If they knew what it was like to die on a charnel road, they wouldn\u8217\'92t walk them. If }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  knew, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be kissing my feet. Believe me, Mandri, you don\u8217\'92t want to end up like one of those pilgrims. They walk charnel roads just for the chance to rot on them, and let me tell you, that\u8217\'92s not all that happens to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought the point of walking a road was to get to where you\u8217\'92re going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, that\u8217\'92s not why Pilgrims walk the road. Go and ask a pilgrim why he doesn\u8217\'92t make the Bazul Road in the comfort of a caravan and he\u8217\'92ll tell you that if Bazul did not intend for him to suffer, then Bazul wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed himself to be martyred out in the Sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would have been killed on some oated knoll near clean waters. Bazul\u8217\'92s shrine is set deep into the Sand because that\u8217\'92s the journey Bazul had in mind for his people. In a way, the road itself is the shrine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled. It was a disinterested \u8216\'91ah\u8217\'92, and if Moto were a considerate person, sensitive to conversational cues, an utterance like that would have him clam up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They think that walking the road is a test of faith against the power of the sun, and to skip that test is the same as having no faith at all. True Solitant pilgrims don\u8217\'92t trivialize the road by riding in a wagon or walking it at night. They walk the road in the heat of the day, and they die doing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tragic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show some respect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t say sorry when you don\u8217\'92t mean it. If you don\u8217\'92t take your own words seriously, then I know you\u8217\'92re not taking mine seriously. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 need}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to be serious, Mandri. Every Minder I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever met was serious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many have you met?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t matter. You know, I\u8217\'92m of half a mind to leave you here and let the sun finish you off. It\u8217\'92s not a good death. You ever seen a waterless man with a black tongue the size of a hermit slug? I don\u8217\'92t think you have. Imagine rubbing your eyes with no moisture in them. Imagine an ache that splits you from your head down to your toes. That kind of thirst, it feels like your stomach is peeling apart, like the marrow in your bones is boiling. The worst part is when your mouth dries out, it turns black and the tongue swells up to bursting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haven\u8217\'92t got to the worst of it. There\u8217\'92s an old pile of pilgrim\u8217\'92s bones not far from here that I could show you. And when you see them you\u8217\'92ll see how they\u8217\'92re scattered about and are missing a few limbs. That\u8217\'92s because drag-bellys got to him. Takes a while for a pack of drag-bellys to eat a man full, and when you\u8217\'92re dying of thirst, weak as a babe, you\u8217\'92ll still be alive when they do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not think that you do,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93Drag bellies don\u8217\'92t wait for you to die, they just start chewing. And a drag-belly\u8217\'92s venom stings worse than fire. It pulps the flesh. It\u8217\'92ll make your thighs look like brains and your brains look like spit. They got a hundred little teeth like needles.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He then punched Mandri in the shoulder, dead-armed him. Mandri gasped and winced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever pain you\u8217\'92re feeling now, it\u8217\'92ll be that times a hundred. And that\u8217\'92s when you learn how clever a drag-belly can be, because they won\u8217\'92t bite you in the neck or somewhere serious. They know how to keep you alive as long as possible to keep the meat fresh, like they been trained by demons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, pleading. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry I joked about being food for a demon. I\u8217\'92m not evil or anything, I\u8217\'92m just tired. So if you could, leave me alone. Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re not getting out of this,\u8221\'94 Moto said sharply. \u8220\'93Not even dying is getting you out of this. See, I\u8217\'92m talking about pain, Mandri. And I know what you\u8217\'92re thinking\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well you\u8217\'92re not thinking it yet, but you will be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re thinking you can just kill yourself out here before anything too painful happens, but you\u8217\'92re not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 thinking}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , thinking. I once left a boy like you half-buried in a mudpan near Fleet. Ask yourself, why I would do a thing like that.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto paused, as if to give Mandri a chance to answer, but the man couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help himself and as soon as Mandri opened his mouth, Moto charged on ahead, the tenor of his voice growing firmer with every step, as if all of this was well rehearsed and he was just now getting into his favorite part.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want a hint? I\u8217\'92ll just tell you. It\u8217\'92s because if you can keep a man from bending at the waist then he can\u8217\'92t bash his own brains in. I once made the mistake of tying a man\u8217\'92s hands and ankles and nothing else, and you know what he did when he got bit by a red-backed drag-belly? He got down on his knees like a priest\u8230\'85then he bent back, face to the heavens like he\u8217\'92s rapt in prayer\u8230\'85that\u8217\'92s what I thought he was doing\u8230\'85maybe he was\u8230\'85and then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 WHAM\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he swung forward and smashed his head against a rock. Cracked his skull like a spider web.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As Moto said all this, he imitated the action, headbutting the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how many times I can say this,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m sorry if I offended you in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t care about that anymore. We\u8217\'92ll put that off to the side for now. What\u8217\'92s more important is that you said you were fine with dying, so now my job is curing you of that illusion. See, you\u8217\'92re supposed to a Minder, but you aren\u8217\'92t because you\u8217\'92ve got a dull Spark. But I know how to cure it. I know just what you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not burgeons, that\u8217\'92s for damn sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto then called out to the two of the nearest Ayramun, who were a little ways ahead of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto called out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! Chopper!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both men stopped and turned around. The bald one on the right was Chopper. Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backpack was so big that he looked like a pack animal, his silhouette a bloated blob of burlap plopped atop two stick-skinny legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop!?\u8221\'94 He shouted backed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto simply beckoned him with a wave, and chopper came running. When he arrived, he looked at Mandri with thirsty eyes and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no. But maybe. Follow, and you may get to chop something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper nodded, and Moto led the three of them off the hump of the road and into the unsullied expanse of the Pitted Portion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri mulled his options. Moto seemed serious about teaching him a lesson, and since Moto was a well-adjusted man this probably involved doing harm. But there was nowhere to run\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, there was everywhere to run, but nowhere he could get to without Moto getting to him first. He was completely at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mercy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to wonder how far they\u8217\'92d be walking because some few hundred yards away there was an outcrop of several round black rocks which looked unmistakably like a giant gore beetle, only each rock was the size of an ox. One round, smooth boulder was the beetle\u8217\'92s body, and next to it was a slightly smaller boulder that looked like an upturned thorn\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the beetle\u8217\'92s horned head. Ringing around the base of these beetle looking rocks were several lizard pits. They were more like shallow pans than pits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 drag-bellies aren\u8217\'92t very industrious creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and knocked into the base each pan was a single, egg-shaped hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were no lizards in sight. That didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean they weren\u8217\'92t there. Mandri supposed they were hiding in their dens because when Moto led Mandri to one of the larger pits, he did so with anxious excitement. He crept up to it like the knee-deep crater might suddenly erupt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once at the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, both Moto and Chopper unsettled their heavy packs, and Mandri unshouldered his meager one, and he let it drop without much care for what was in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he pulled a body\u8217\'92s length of rope from his pack. \u8220\'93In order for you to join us in the land of the living, you first have to care about what happens to your own skin. But you\u8217\'92re a burgeon biter, you don\u8217\'92t care about anything. What got you biting burgeons in the first place? Are you your uglies limp? Can\u8217\'92t get a girl?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a girl, wasn\u8217\'92t it? Hold out your arms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto began to wrap a figure eight of rope around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elbows. He was careful not to disturb the ruined wrist. He said, \u8220\'93A boy your age gets upset and jumps into burgeons, it\u8217\'92s always over a girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A man\u8217\'92s got to have a reason to be upset. Chopper gets upset when you don\u8217\'92t let him chop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper, who had been waiting patiently this whole time, perked up at the mention of his favorite word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see?\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Sadness is cause and effect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, you\u8217\'92re not sad, that\u8217\'92s not the right word\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the right word is\u8230\'85is\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Moto looked up at the empty sky searching for inspiration. \u8220\'93I could never find the correct word for what you are, probably because it hasn\u8217\'92t been made yet. What you are has somehow escaped the notice of every poet who ever lived. But I know what you are because I used to be like you. That\u8217\'92s why you should count yourself lucky to have stumbled into me. I\u8217\'92m the one person in this whole wide world who knows how to fix you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto motioned to Chopper, but Chopper was too busy salivating at the sight of the too-long length of rope left after Moto had tied Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 asked Chopper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93I want you to hold the boy down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper, sullen, marched over and forced Mandri onto his ass. Mandri struggled a little, confused as to what, precisely, Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s herks and jerks were trying to achieve. But damned, the little bald man was strong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto pulled out another length of rope and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you make this difficult, I\u8217\'92m going to have Chopper take your uglies. You understand? Nod if you understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was serious. Mandri nodded. Moto then set about tying Mandri\u8217\'92s ankles together. That\u8217\'92s when Mandri noticed movement down in the lizard pit. A wide, shovel-like lizard snout hovered out of the dark den entrance. It licked the air with a yellow, split-leaf tongue, and before it could get in a second scenting, another snout appeared. The two lizards jostled for position, then the newcomer got feisty and started a hissing argument. It then lurched and bit the first lizard in the neck. A seething brawl erupted, and two lizards disappeared back into the den, scratching and clawing for the right to chew on whatever was lurking outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The brawl ended in a wild screeching hiss of pain, and the winner stuck its wide, froggish head out into the air. Its yellow, swiveling eyes worked over the three men, then settled on Mandri as though it knew he was the weakest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto tied the knot around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankles tight, so tight that the ankle bones were bruising each other. Moto then stood up straight and observed his handiwork with approval. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to prime you for what you\u8217\'92re about to experience, so\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He paused, as if uncertain of what to say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to ask you a question, and I want you to think very carefully about it. I want you to treat this question as if it were a newborn baby, like you\u8217\'92re holding a newborn for the first time, you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. Here it is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why did Solraheen create human beings?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did Solraheen create us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say to blurt out the first thing that came to mind? I said }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 think }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 about it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The drag-belly was now half-way out of its den. Its squat forearms were pushing it up as high as it could, so that its head could stretch up towards Mandri and taste his odor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might help if you told me what this has to do with that lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I\u8217\'92m doing is giving you a problem to solve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that\u8217\'92s a hint to the answer of my question. Think about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is our purpose? Birds can fly, fish can swim, what can humans do better than any other creature?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto bent down, hands on knees, so that his face was close to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. He said, eyes bright, \u8220\'93I can see the way you look at that lizard. You fear it. That drag-belly is a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 problem}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it? It\u8217\'92s a problem. It\u8217\'92s here in the present and you can\u8217\'92t ignore it. You\u8217\'92re thinking about what you\u8217\'92re going to do when I throw you in that pit. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 what we do better than any other creature. You understand?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri truly had no idea. The lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout was getting close to the rim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stood back up, he stood straight and proud, and declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The answer is problem solving! That\u8217\'92s what Solraheen made us for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we were made to}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  solve problems}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Birds were made to fly, fish were made to swim, and you and I were made to solve problems. Not just any problems, practical problems. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what we do. Now, you take a fish out of water, and what happens? It dies. You clip a bird\u8217\'92s wings and what happens? It becomes sad and helpless. And if a man has no problems to solve, what happens to him? Don\u8217\'92t answer, the answer is obvious. So that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s wrong with you, Mandri. To make things worse, you\u8217\'92ve filled your belly with burgeons, and when you do that, you lose the ability to identify problems in the first place. So if you can\u8217\'92t even see them, then obviously, you\u8217\'92ve got no problems to solve! You\u8217\'92re a man without purpose! Do you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Untie me,\u8221\'94 Mandri demanded. He was done with whatever this was, because that lizard was getting close, and it was almost as big as he was. Its tongue was close to licking his thigh. But Moto just stood there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to scoot away from the pit, but Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot stopped him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m going to do,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to pick you up and put you into a problem. I\u8217\'92m going to toss you into this pit with that drag-belly. Your instincts will kick in, and you\u8217\'92re going to try to get out of the situation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re going to try to solve the problem. Because that\u8217\'92s what a man is supposed to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How am I going to fight off a lizard if my hands and legs are tied?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about that, Mandri. I mean, you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 should }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 worry about that, but what I mean is, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to be alright in the end. If you throw a bird off a cliff, what\u8217\'92s it going to do? It\u8217\'92s going to fly. You\u8217\'92re going to be flying before you know it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you tie up a bird\u8217\'92s wings, it\u8217\'92s not going to fly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto waved Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s point out of the air, as if it were nonsense, then gave Mandri\u8217\'92s hip a kick, and Mandri rolled down into the pit. His sudden tumbling startled the drag-belly, and the big lizard spun around and scurried back into its hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got about half a finger before that lizard finds the courage to come back out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared at the black hole, eyes as wide as the moon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Think about what you need to do. Assess your options.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The drag-belly emerged once again from its den. Its fat head weaved side to side, its tongue warily tasting the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gotta hurry,\u8221\'94 Moto said excitedly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lizard was a lumbering dolt. Its whole body swayed back and forth, giving Mandri a good view of its eponymous belly drag. Soon it was upon him, its tongue flicked against his thigh, and its head kept swinging back and forth as if to savor the wonder of this free and easy meal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But before the lizard could do anything, a loud bump sounded out of the lizard hole, and something inside grabbed the drag-belly\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tail and yanked the whole beast, hissing and clawing, back into the dark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh-Hoooo!\u8221\'94 Moto thundered. \u8220\'93You ever seen a drag-belly queen, Mandri? She\u8217\'92s got to be twice the size of that bastard you just saw. This will be good!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared into that drag-belly den, and yes he felt a little motivating fear, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to give Moto the satisfaction of fighting back. He\u8217\'92d died once before, and by god, he\u8217\'92d do it again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rolled himself over closer to the den.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What in the White Light are you doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m solving a problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rolled over to face the dark den and meet his final fate. He peered into those shadows expecting to see the maw of a magnificent creature, but the head that moved in those depths looked like a man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, two scaly gray arms with taloned hands burst out of the hole and grabbed Mandri around his ankles. Mandri yelped in fright as he was pulled into the den.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit!\u8221\'94 Moto exclaimed as he hopped down into the pit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was yanked down further and further until his hips plugged up the entrance. Whatever frightening beast was pulling him down crawled up on top of his legs, and Mandri screamed as it set its long black talons to work in widening the den\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wriggled and tried to free himself, but stopped when a searing pain exploded out of his thigh, just above his left knee. He could actually feel a vise of fangs scratch his bone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AGH! It bit me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto grabbed Mandri under the arms, and began to pull. In response, the creature loosed its bite and caught Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankles again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A furious tug of war ensued until Chopper joined the struggle, and the two men heaved with all their frenzied might. Out came Mandri, but those greedy gray hands still gripped his ankles tight. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Human hands with lizard skin and claws.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With another strained heave, Moto and Chopper pulled Mandri free and the beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snarling head burst forth into the light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its visage was a sight undreamed of, the product of some unholy miscegenation between man and drag-belly lizard. Its round skull was crested in bony ornaments, its lips were draped in tuberculate scales, and its tongue, White Light, its long split tongue was flicking out of a mouth filled with hungry, sharpened teeth. Its eyes bulged out of its head\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 two round black-slitted yellow orbs looking in different directions, and when it blinked, its wet, scaly eyelids squeezed those eyes back into their sockets, and when the blink was over they popped right out again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chopper, quick!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted as he pulled Mandri free of the pit. \u8220\'93Chop it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper pulled from out of his robes a silver axe with an axe-head that looked like a hand. He shouted a joyous, furious, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93CHOP!\u8221\'94, and the lizard-man-thing shouted back a gargling hiss of swinging spit that flew out of a wide pink throat, a throat that was studded all the way back with teeth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The two leaped at each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper was faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His axe slammed right into the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulging eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beast squealed in pain and it tore itself out from under Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pinning blow. Chopper then chased it back towards the den, and the beast disappeared, scrambling down while screeching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto easily untied the knot around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrists by pulling on a loose bit of rope, and he undid the knot around the ankles with similar ease. He used one length of rope to improvise a tourniquet high up on Mandri\u8217\'92s left thigh, above where the creature had bitten it. He used a nearby stick as a windlass to twist it tight, and he twisted it so tight that the pressure was almost as painful as wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that!?\u8221\'94 Mandri wailed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto locked the tourniquet in place with a sturdy knot, then sat down to catch his breath. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did it look like? It was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t act all aggrieved with me. You didn\u8217\'92t even try to move out the way. You stiffened up. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 rolled}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  towards it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have shrieked at the man, but the pain in his leg was several times more severe than his anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah! God!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got yourself bit by a demon, Mandri. It\u8217\'92s going to hurt. It\u8217\'92s going to do more than hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hurts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stood up and brushed himself off. He looked around, glanced to the distant east, as if someone would be there to help. Then he sighed, set his hands on his hips, and eyed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is some real shit you\u8217\'92ve made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri rolled on his side to try and flee the tortuous pain, but that somehow made it worse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol help me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, all we got is Chopper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 Chopper asked, staring at Mandri\u8217\'92s leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted a laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Oh, how I wish. Help me pick him up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper jogged over, reached down, and the moment he touched Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demon-bitten thigh to lift him up, a searing pain shot through Mandri\u8217\'92s whole body and he fainted.}}