{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What is this place!???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Acoustic chamber once used to hold Solraheen/Schisol in place. Walls spikes. Broken shell of iron. Shards of iron piping. Golden tree of lungs. filled in. Roots of gold. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tufted floor refers to the process of pulling fabric inward and securing it with buttons or stitches, creating a grid-like, dimpled effect. This design is both decorative and functional, helping to keep the cushion's filling evenly distributed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cage floor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 anechoic chamber }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sound Directivity Testing: Helps determine the directional characteristics of sound sources. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lungs, child lungs}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bone cairn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrktree}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The abbreviated of wrenching lugs flooded with gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A stifiled breath, surprise liquid down the wrong tube.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A chorus of rays}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hundred and twenty}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ra raaa speeech around \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91almost\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story of an anti-miracle researcher. Miracles have a survivorship bias. Kid goes missing in the woods and they find him. But all the ones they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find, theres none to praise jesus for.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trachea}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bronchius}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lobe, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cardiac notch}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nestle that hand into the cardiac notch.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Contain their influence upon the world. He arranged for himself to be encased in a resonant brass hedron, with pipes leading to the mouths of strapped to skulls with gold-plumed eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the first attempt to constrain Him. Placed inside a carefully tempered sphere, with brass rods inside to resonant with singer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice. Above, a enormous stomach bag, from a creature too large to exist, hanging on a chain, a smoke that fell when heated, the smoke of umbruil. While Made the god sensitive to the word. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Touch the s  inging bowls\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His name. Solraheen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One word repeated in ascending arpeggio amongst the eight voices, overlapping entrances: Solraheen. A full finger for each voice to say the name once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Drugs were piped in from under the floor, so as to keep the singers alert in the same as the enphylitic god. Singers, and two attendants, understudy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This, housed solraheen?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Flanking, enfilade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  dwells here}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Greskal summons because of hrkan oppression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - theme of boundaries are as closed in the oppressed as the oppressor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever happened in this room tied in to shcism between Solraheen and schisol}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Source of gold, which binds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shulgi}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gift}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Something which has been desecrated}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The horror of suffering. Pulse in the tree. Shaking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burn it down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That question\u8230\'85It\u8217\'92s my fault. I chose them. I assembled them, here, as a choir. Theirs was a single word, broken into one hundred and twenty voices. Each voice entered on the finger, and each new note was added to the chord until the wash of noise did shake the room. Their word was Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Sol-rah-heen. The resonance of the room spread His name beyond number. One and twenty became twelve and thousands. It subdued him, for a time. As you may see\u8230\'85\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}