{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Until now, Mandri had only seen paintings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a wall of sand rendered in lurid reds and purples reaching to the heavens, its face lit up by jagged spears of lightning. Twisting funnels swept the land before it, harbingers of its destruction, and in the foreground, a sympathetic figure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a human, or a lonely, trembling tree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whose only purpose was to accentuate the sheer scale of the monster about to swallow it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl was sitting next to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rock. She sat hunched against her knees, taking in the wind, squinting as she did. Her tangled mess of sun-kissed hair blew past her shoulders to reveal the smallest set of ears. And hers was a face that suggested deep and penetrating thought, though Mandri knew from experience that such faces were almost always lying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you thinking about?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m thinking of all the ways that this is going to go wrong,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I hope I\u8217\'92m not the cause of any of those.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 she said, and somehow that stung him, even though it was perfectly true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyone else hungry?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s hardtack in my bag,\u8221\'94 said Moteah, glancing back down at the temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have anything green?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Green? Like what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I\u8217\'92m in the mood for something pulled out of the earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see a single sprig of green in all of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was pointing to the world at large, and of course, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a speck of green in any of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re not, because lesson number three involves swinging your sword and thinking while you do it, and your mind is as undeveloped as your arm. Now we don\u8217\'92t have time to strengthen either, so we\u8217\'92ve got to be smart about how we practice. So let\u8217\'92s get you thinking. First\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 your goal. You and I are about to duel. What is it, in specific terms, you are trying to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 specific}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 specifically}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  are you going to do to achieve that? Most blows to the body don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kill quickly. There\u8217\'92s only a few reliable spots that will end a fight right away. The heart,\u8221\'94 He pounded his chest. \u8220\'93And the head.\u8221\'94 He tapped his headwrap with the blunt edge of his sword. \u8220\'93If you stick a Skulsi in the arm, then you\u8217\'92ve failed to kill him quickly, and now he\u8217\'92s free to have his way with you. Half a Skulsi\u8217\'92s training goes into figuring out all the different ways to get back at an enemy who\u8217\'92s in the process of killing him. He knows that if you cut him down this way or that, sword or spear, what\u8217\'92s the best thing to do to get you back. The Hrks can afford to think like that. They can afford one-for-one trades.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrk can afford twenty-for-one trades,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fact is,\u8221\'94 Moto said, annoyed at being interrupted. \u8220\'93When fighting a Skulsi man you have to wound him, and then get out of his way.\u8221\'94 To illustrate the point he cut a dramatic swath out of the air and then jumped away from it. \u8220\'93You take what your opponent gives you. What they give you is their sword arm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he gave his sword a clumsy swing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is what using your mind feels like, Mandri. I know this is a lot to take in, but these things need to be rolling around in your head, because when the time comes, you\u8217\'92ll see, you\u8217\'92ll remember it. Focus on the key thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 attack the sword arm.\u8221\'94 He raised his sword arm and gave the wind another few dramatic hacks, and he seemed extremely proud of all the air he\u8217\'92d just slaughtered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up, then softened as he remembered, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you said you were a painter. Who\u8217\'92s the best painter then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t know him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t know him? A thought-stopper like that is the sign of a fool. Make an argument that we can work through, or do not speak at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that thinks killing is an artform. You are insane.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever killed anyone, Mandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. But I\u8217\'92ve seen enough of killing to know it\u8217\'92s nothing but a rude bunch of scuffling around until someone gets stabbed and dies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 whatever}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  me, boy. If you knew who you were talking to you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  fight. At Minting Rock. It seemed like you were having a tough time of it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto jaw went slack at the accusation, but he recovered nicely, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t a fight, I was defending myself from superior numbers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram seemed to think it was a fight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram has a superior weapon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that all he has?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in jest. Obo was chuckling, and Obo hadn\u8217\'92t even seen the battle at Minting Rock. Moto was just that deluded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He asked Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long do you think I could last up there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might be able to last a hand or two, but the storm is still building.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stepped up to the ladder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just want to see what it feels like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It will feel like torture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri left Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warning on the ground and kept climbing. When he got to the top, he stuck his hand up to test the fury of that orange glow. Sand blasted into  his palm and he hissed in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hobbled back down, staring at his prickled hand. Tiny red welts dotted it all over, some of their centers bleeding red. He sat back down and moaned, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t regret it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}