{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been possible for an army  to keep their robes clean in the desert, but the Vessels had managed it. Mandri suspected they\u8217\'92d refined some secret oil bath which held the cloth strong against the smear of sand and sweat. The men themselves were not as robust. They unraveled as soon as they stepped through the tower\u8217\'92s tunnel and into the courtyard skewered with pilgrim poles. Half cried out at the smell, a few vomited, the rest became enraged. Their robes, however, their robes were pristine. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle was the only level head amongst them. He barked orders with clean diction, orders assiduously planned for such an event. He had his men reorganized into their squares, a squad of the literate was formed to anatomize the scene, messengers were dispatched, scouts were sent around the walls and up winding gulches to seek the source of water which fed this tower. He had them look for foraging opportunities as well, for a continued journey. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A return journey,\u8221\'94 was his hope. Moto muttered something about how there wouldn\u8217\'92t be a return journey, implying death, and to this, Pyetle laughed. \u8220\'93We can manage a demon or twenty,\u8221\'94 he said with a grin. And with that smile, he ordered the Ayramun to be split up, and for Ayram himself to move ahead and give tongue the moment he caught sign of their quarry. Ayram assented with a nod.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The start of the Goree Pass was a gently rising wagon path leading into a winding canyon. Once around the fist bend, Ayram scrambled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree. He stood up on a cropped boulder and glared back down, expecting everyone else to follow. So, Pyetle ordered everyone to follow. When Elrahet, escorted by a few Vessels, made it up to Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perch, Pyetle changed his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite hear what Pyetle was up to, as the scribe was lost amongst a crowd of white cloaks, but whispered rumor eventually made through the ranks, and the word was that Moteah and the horse were going to be kept behind in the tower, with a small bevy of Vessels to watch over them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sighed, because he expected as much. Moteah was a necessary component to this whole operation. Pyetle wanted to leave her behind, to make sure that the threat of Mazidfire was neutralized, but it was a bad plan because, if there really was a great demon haunting these hills, well, Mandri doubted a sharp point of metal would suffice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shout rose up out of the bush of spears behind. It was Moto. He was trying to wriggle his way out from a crowd of Vessels, presumably to try and change Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind, to offer himself in place of his sister, but he was easily restrained and ignored. The Vessels knew how to manage a desperate, angry man. However, they were less accustomed to dealing with a witch. Elrahet outlandish, hag of darkest cloak, she cut an imposing figure up on her perch. The sun was high behind her, and her stooped figure cast an long shadow down the length of the slope, a crooked shadow which reached down to claw at the hem of the Vessel\u8217\'92s manicured robes. Then she grumbled something unintelligible, and her grumbling rolled down the rocky slope like warning stones before a landslide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Vessels went quiet. Then a murmur of discontent sprouted and spread. The two Vessels nearest Mandri, hard men with cleft chins and hairy necks, were practically drooling fear out their gaping mouths. Somewhere amongst the Hrks there came curse, then elsewhere an odd chuckle, followed by an amused shout, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you missed your nap?\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was, of course, Pyetle asking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Up above, Elrahet stood straight as she could manage and shouted back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring the girl!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a pause as the audacity of her command . Then came Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s casual, \u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet, glowering, pushed aside the Vessels who crowded her perch so that she could shake her cane at the scribe. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only Mazidfire can defeat what awaits us. Without the girl\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you say,\u8221\'94 Pyetle interrupted, \u8220\'93But I would be a poor mirror for the Lordship if I were to trust a witch. The girl stays.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood tiptoe to try and get a look at Pyetle amongst the fluff of shoulders and spears. Because this was one of the memorable things about leaders of men, how they projected certainty when by rights they were as damned by ignorance as everyone else. And sure enough, there Pyetle was, tugging his beard like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just outplayed a rival when Elrahet wasn\u8217\'92t the kind of witch who played games. Few witches were. But there were three rings on Pyetle\u8217\'92s pinching fingers, thin silver bands which marked three years of study in logic, rhetoric, and calculation. Yes, those scribal fingers swelled with intellect as they pulled insight out at the root.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unleashing your Mazid upon the world,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said to Elrahet, \u8220\'93would defeat the whole purpose of our being here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet did not reply. She simply stood there and chewed on her disappointment. To the Vessels it looked like she was channeling doom down upon them, and this reignited the air of unease. Pyetle tried to settle his men back down by standing up on a rock, sharing a wide, proud smile, then , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out with it, witch! Condemn us to death. Every Vessel here is willing to serve the Lordship in that capacity, if necessary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come up then, Hrkman!\u8221\'94 Elrahet snarled back. \u8220\'93And do leave the girl behind. You\u8217\'92ll need the hands to tender your carcass to the knackers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, she twirled around, black robes billowing, and she retreated from her perch to help find the way into the mountain. Pyetle, smirking, gave her fleeing figure a perfunctory nod, then hopped down off his rock and returned to his schemes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vantage, it was unclear who had had the greater effect upon morale, Elrahet or Pyetle. The Vessels were disturbed, yes, sharing wary glances, but they didn\u8217\'92t grumble when they carried out Pyetle\u8217\'92s orders. Two of them lifted Moteah onto the horse, and the argument about who would have the pleasure of staying behind to guard her was reasonably peaceable. Those who would carry on began to climb the slope to match Ayram and Elrahet, and they were eager about it. Then the nearest Vessel pushed Mandri in the back and ordered him to climb.m}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unworked hands, the slope might as well have been a wall of thorns. A Vessel had to push his heels up from behind, and another had to pull him from above. All the while, his empty stomach sank as Moteah was carried away to the fading sound of clopping hooves. And as he neared the top, a tingle of weakness shook his legs, and numbed his feet. For the first time since he\u8217\'92d been made a Mazid, he felt worried\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 physically worried, a worry coming from his bones, not his . As such, it was a worry he couldn\u8217\'92t place. t wasn\u8217\'92t that he was worried he would tumble back down, though that may have played a part. Probably, he was worried about the future, though that wasn\u8217\'92t it. It was almost exciting, not know why he was so anxious. And that feeling was still with him when he was pulled up to the shelf of rock where the Vessels gathered, and it didn\u8217\'92t go away until one of the idling Vessels, a swarthy fellow with a twisted nose, spat on his shoes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the last bit of water you\u8217\'92ll take from me!\u8221\'94 The Vessel declared, and other Vessels, empathizing, joined in with insults of their own. Evidently they\u8217\'92d been driven hard for days without stopping to find a well, and for whatever reason, they blamed Mandri for this instead of Pyetle. One man even patted Mandri\u8217\'92s robes looking for a waterskin to steal. Finding none, he accidentally-on-purpose elbowed Mandri in the ribs. Thankfully, he missed the burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon, everyone had climbed up to this wide shelf of sturdy rock, and then Pyetle had the Ayramun split apart again. Ayram, the spotter, was kept in front, while Elrahet was pulled back to the rear. Mandri moved somewhere in the middle, sandwiched between two unwashed loaves of men, while Seb and Moto were lost amongst the horde. On they went, traveling along this sinuous rock shelf which traced the proper road below. Eventually, this shelf dipped into a narrow crack set into in the northern rock face. This opening was hardly wider than Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders, but Ayram barreled into it without so much as a stutter step. Pyetle didn\u8217\'92t need to order the sturdy Vessels behind him to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One by one, they all squeezed into this tall chasm. Mandri had to be pushed into it, because the sight of the spindly interior had stunned him. Stacked layers of reds and brown had been hewn by the ages and bent into dramatic, sweeping forms. Both sides bracketed a thin, winding strip of blue sky above. Such was the height and swerve of the walls that the sunlight never touched the mush of sand and fallen rock that was the floor, yet still, the shadowy way was warm with peachy color. It was beautiful, almost like stepping into a pool of glowing amber. Unfortunately, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t time to appreciate it, as it was difficult enough for him to keep up with the march. And they marched for good long while, such that the sun had time to hop over the streamlet of sky above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually the way belled out, as a great length of the canyon on either side had collapsed to open up a valley. Here, the slopes bulged with piles of red stone. To the left, towering above the precarious western slope, was the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tallest plateau, stretching beyond vision. Above that plateau was the blazing, latter-day sun. Below, sheltering in the shadows of the larger rocks, were stands of white Vessels. Seb was among them. She kept a keen eye on Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost there,\u8221\'94 she said upon seeing Mandri\u8217\'92s pained expression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost where?\u8221\'94 he asked, but a pox-scarred soldier got between them and pushed Seb onwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From there, the Hrkan march stretched out into a trickle. White-robed Vessels dribbled down rubble strewn paths while the sky above dimmed into its deeper hues. When the shadows were black, the way turned into a climb, leading steeply upwards until emptying out onto the heights of a grand plateau. When Mandri finally lifted his eyes from the ankle-twisting rocks, he saw, some hundred yards away, the start of a dizzying staircase rising up to another massive plateau. Halfway through a tired groan, he realized that the massive plateau in front of him, that monumental knob of rock, was actually a building. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In form, this grand structure was as simple and clean as a could be, like an upturned pot. All flourish was saved for the patterns incised on it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rocky skin, which fired pink in the light of the evening sun. Simple geometric shapes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 diamonds, squares, circles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were everywhere joined together to make abstract faces. Animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval taller than ten men demarcated the edges of a fox\u8217\'92s gape. The nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a hawk, and the beak of the hawk was the tooth of the fox and also the skull of a mouse. There wasn\u8217\'92t one blank spot on this monumental canvas, and this parade of creation wrapped all the way around the structure like a belt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had trouble blinking through his astonishment. He had never seen the like. All the man-made wonders get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights this ancient temple should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of Outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered vitalize the glory of the conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the Lordly crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not even accounting for the effects of the sun\u8217\'92s rays painting the stone with flame. The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Lords did not know of it. If they had, the building would have been reduced to a painting a long, long time ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These Vessels would have an easier time of conquering it now, because the structure appeared to be dead. If it were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter brushed with the scent of a female. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri knew it, it was his turn to climb the stairs. He took his time. There were at least two-hundred steps, and they were all steep and uneven. The wear of ages had them looking like layers of melted wax. A dark stain was climbing up them. Mandri guessed that up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be any number of other substances. Perfumed wine, red berry brine, or ink. It could be slurried excrement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a temple that large had to drain out somewhere. Odd that they\u8217\'92d have it running out the front door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he knew it was blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because of course it was blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any people where people were expected to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blood explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under his skin. It explained why his knees trembled and why, as he crested the final stair and stepped onto the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forecourt, why he felt the urge to flee. And that wasn\u8217\'92t the end of it, for the many faces etched into the imposing wall appeared to deconstruct into chaos above the temple\u8217\'92s curved entrance arch. There the grooves were stained by that same dark substance, leading the entrance to look like a blood-stained maw. Mandri wondered if the demon they were seeking was the mountain itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps it had eaten the Greskalun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More explanatory power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Form up!\u8221\'94 Pyetle barked, his voice a little weak in this thinner air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Vessel grabbed Mandri by the neck and arranged him alongside the assembling Hrkan squares. When they were all formed up atop that table of rock, Pyetle began his final review. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes ticked proudly from face to face. he saw something he did not expect, and his brows quickly drew together. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stepped back, marched up and down the five-fold squares with. His concern quickly turned into a panic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle ceased his pacing and pulled out his most imposing glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is the giant!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned to survey the grid of men. Moto was there. Seb, too, as well as Elrahet, all of them spread out like splinters of wood amidst the sea of white robes. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s towering frame should have been standing like a black mast. He was missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who was charged with the giant!?\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man in the first square wavered for a moment, then stepped forward. Anxiety rippled his words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Dars and Fally.\u8221\'94 He said. \u8220\'93They appear to be missing.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93WHAT!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were with the giant. I saw them. Sir, I suggest they\u8217\'92ve gone ahead into the building.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was the first up the stair,\u8221\'94 Pyetle countered. \u8220\'93I saw no one enter. They were }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 behind!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suggest that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle took a moment to compose himself. He then strode towards the veritable cliff behind him, but promptly dismissed the possibility that the giant had jumped off. His next suspicion fell upon Elrahet. He strode towards her, towered over her as as the building towered over him, and asked her, calmly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could not see Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scowl, but he could watch it work on Pyetle\u8217\'92s round face. The man\u8217\'92s right eye twitched. His full lips curled into a frown. His stiff beard bulged as he bit his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should guess,\u8221\'94 Elrahet mumbled, \u8220\'93That he fled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrk to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left clicked his tongue. Another uttered a curse reserved for liars\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something to do with raking uglies against fish skin. Half the Vessels murmured agreement. All this widened the crack in Pyetle\u8217\'92s calm facade, as now his attention was split between a defiant witch and his own insubordinate men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then shout came from the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sir! There }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  someone in there!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle spun around and hurried up to the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stained threshold. He drew his sword as if to do battle with the rock, then peered inside. After a moment\u8217\'92s inspection, he shouted, \u8220\'93Fetch the pokes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was picked up, carried, and dropped at Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. The rest of the Ayramun were borne forth in a similar manner, save for Elrahet. She was driven towards the entrance arch by the threat of a spear, as none dared risk setting skin to skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One of you get a torch going,\u8221\'94 Pyetle demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto unshouldered his pack and quickly found the materials for a torch and assembled it. He then laid out a bundle of dried tinder, then knapped sparks onto it, then set this meager flame to torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pitch-wrapped head. Once burning, he offered the torch to Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93You are going in first.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shrugged his shoulders\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his way of calling Pyetle a coward. He casually strolled woards the mouth of the mountain, and thrust his torch into its interior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He immediately spun around and cupped his nose with the crook of his elbow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get on with it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned back, held his torch aloft and stepped into the darkness. Pyetle followed along with a few of his men, weapons ready. Mandri and the others were forced in behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s barge, thrice as long, and at least four times Mandri\u8217\'92s height. Moto\u8217\'92s torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dug out into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit filled to the brim with white ash. Wind had tossed some of this ash around the room, leaving white trails sprinkled across the nearby columns and frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing those gathered, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto halted and waved his torch back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted, but his words echoed back without rejoinder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The figure, robed in green and splattered in ash, sat slumped, arms folded into his robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible skin was his nose which peeked out from behind the fall of his black, ash splattered hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prolly dead,\u8221\'94 Seb marked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s the one who said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92 to it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle made a grasping motion towards Moto, requesting the torch. Moto gave it. With the torchlight leading the way, Pyetle approached the mysterious figure. The rest of his men filtered into the room, each with much less surety in their step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must have living on mice,\u8221\'94 Moto said as he kicked a small spine that was lying on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bats,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scattered remains of all manner of small creatures poked out of every shadow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, birds, mice, and plenty of beetle shells too. For a moment there, Mandri was almost happy to be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92, because that was a state of being that he forgot existed after spending so many days wandering in the wilderness. But this was the den of a beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Elrahet waddled in. Her heavy robes }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dragged through the ash, dirt, and bones. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped right up to the cross-legged figure as if he were her next meal, and she poked him with her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head slumped onto his shoulder and his hair fell away from his cheek. Elrahet poked again, and he fell onto his side. The thump of his impact kicked up a cloud of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She rubbed the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe between her gnarled fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93The raiment of a prince. Greskal\u8217\'92s son.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle spread the light of his torch onto several more pitch-strapped sticks and handed them out to his men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that who who we\u8217\'92ve come to hunt?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Though he might have been. See there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pointed towards a dark lump on the floor about an arm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s length behind the dead prince. That lump had a mop of dark hair and a human ear. It had a neck, and attached to that neck were a few links of spine. What mangled flesh there was appeared to have been munched on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted between this horror and green robed prince.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You suggest that this man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the other?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural scowl deepened. \u8220\'93Do not judge this boy,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93He was braver than any of you. See here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She grabbed Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm and forced his torch low against the fire-pit. With her cane, she poked around in the ash to reveal, buried deeply, a large stomach. Evidently the green-robed prince had cut it out at the neck and then tossed it into the fire like a lure, dragging with it his intestines, which were cut as well and tossed inside. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he had lost his battle,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, \u8220\'93we\u8217\'92d have two Burshageets to hunt instead of one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burshageet?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, but Elrahet was too busy rolling the stomach around in its bed of ash to clarify.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And what a sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pinkish flesh was sticky, stained white, seared in patches, and as it turned some part of it squelched and fizzled, as if it were still digesting cinders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet pulled out her black knife, and with a quick, terrible stroke, she cut the stomach open. She knelt down, reached, and carefully spread the halves apart. Then she leaned over it to divine the future, or, perhaps she sought the past. Mandri knew very little about the art of divination. He knew only that the stomach was the seat of the Spark and that the organ was subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there were patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the true meaning of events with those folds, but predict them altogether. But his was not a functional knowledge. He did not expect, after half a finger of silent staring, that he would understand anything. Then the dissected stomach squirmed and burped up a puff of black smoke that spread unnaturally quick throughout the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It did not take a witch to interpret this sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All knew by way of myth what a Spark looked like when it was snuffed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A curse upon us!\u8221\'94 one Vessel shouted, his voice cracking as he backed away from the fire-pit. Half-eaten bones crunched under his feet, causing another soldier\u8217\'92s resolve to break entirely. This one fell to his knees and muttered a warding prayer while a third man lowered his spear towards Elrahet with an aim to solve all the world\u8217\'92s ills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle raised his hand with the quiet gravity of someone who had stood in darker rooms than this. His voice, low and measured, snipped the budding panic at the root. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm yourselves,\u8221\'94 he said, and somehow, they were calmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, however, was not not so easily swayed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were skeletons strewn about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet had bewitched the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was no sense in flouting these ominous things. One should flee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled away from his guarding Vessel and snuck past a crowd of rapt soldiers with the intention of at posting himself nearer the entrance. He was stopped from leaving the temple altogether by the glint of shiny metal hanging above the threshold. He looked up and saw an enormous golden mask in the image of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a rare Old Jandri relic, though a common design, where the facial planes were bloated with healthy fat. Long, curved lines traced the contours like tattoos\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the cheeks, the chin, lips, and so on. Heavy lidded eyes lent His visage a look serenity. Mandri loved it, even if the style was long outlawed by Hrk. Evidently it was sacrilegious to depict Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features with such definition. One must not claim knowledge of such things. Only the most abstract representation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a circle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 would do. Even stretching that circle into an oval so as to suggest a jaw and masculinity was forbidden on pain of having to start all over again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This mask was huge, at least two heads tall. Hrkan sacral masks could actually be worn, but this was much too large. And when Hrkan masks were out of use, they were inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, but this hung out in the open, mounted on a bronze plate and pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a beautiful sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though none of it glittered as brightly as it should.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A thin layer of dust dulled its luster. Fire-lorn ash speckled His face like freckles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All this could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. What could not be forgiven was how His golden skin was darkly mottled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pure gold cannot tarnish. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No wonder they were missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And worse, standing at the foot of the entrance arch were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine. It was impossible to say for certain what this urine was for, but there was narrative proximity here which could not be ignored. Surely the Greskalun were bathing their god in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish. One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller Solraheen,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked from the center of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A soldier near Mandri noticed Mandri staring up at the face of Solraheen. He pointed out this discovery and exclaimed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A sacral mask!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This drew the attention of several torches to the shadow of the threshold wall. Their approaching light revealed a design which stirred a thrill of disbelief. At the center of it all was the golden mask. Radiating out of it, in sharp sandstone relief, were one hundred and twenty overlapping triangles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rays of the sun. The number did not need to be counted for the pattern exactly matched the sigil of Hrk. The only real difference between this wall and the design on Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s badge was how the sharp points of these splayed sun-rays terminated into the mouths of worried faces. These faces were carved with such realism that Mandri felt repulsed by the threat of skill. These sculpted heads felt alive, as if there were people there, stuck inside the stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wanted, again, to flee, but the Hrks crowded in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this doing here?\u8221\'94 one gruff fellow sneered. His warted nose sniffled as he spoke, for even the hairs inside his nostrils were stood on end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why should these pokes honor us?\u8221\'94 asked another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honor?\u8221\'94 The warted one gasped. \u8220\'93This is defilement! They mock us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They mock Solraheen,\u8221\'94 said yet another Vessel. \u8220\'93A mask of impure gold is damnable work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet cackling laugh rose like a specter beside the fire-pit. So close to the floor was she, with all but her face was obscured by her pillowing robes, that she appeared to have reverted to her larval stage. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not Hrkan men?\u8221\'94 she jeered. \u8220\'93Will none of you bow to the sigil of your Lordship?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crowd of white cloaks were loathe to hear her speak, much less tease them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm yourselves,\u8221\'94 Pyetle chided. \u8220\'93You know better than to hold an old witch\u8217\'92s enthusiasms against her. She\u8217\'92s only trying to that we\u8217\'92ve forgetting about her giant. Aren\u8217\'92t  you?\u8221\'94 He  \u8220\'93It will go better for you, if you tell me he where is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is not here,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said blankly. \u8220\'93I expect he is afraid this hunt will fail, for it will fail. Your refusal to bring the Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder has sealed that fate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Pyetle said through a chuckle. \u8220\'93I suppose you\u8217\'92ll next suggest that I\u8217\'92ve doomed the world. Every witch whines about the doom of the world. You aren\u8217\'92t the only ones. It\u8217\'92s not an unpopular sentiment.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then finish it.\u8221\'94 She said gruffly. \u8220\'93Be done with me and mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It may come to that. Something nearby needs killing, and that may well be you. It is to be determined. First we have to search this temple.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is no temple.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a prison.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The demon we hunt is imprisoned here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grimaced as if offended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have your histories forgotten Shulgi already?\u8221\'94 She eyed the crowd of soldiers now. Her gaze, cold and steady, made her seem like a snake deciding whether or not to strike. \u8220\'93This prison was built for Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle cocked his head as if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heard correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The god of all creation? Imprisoned?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He did escape,\u8221\'94 Elrahet clarified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would have bet that He did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few Hrks laughed in agreement, but Elrahet was not amused. She stood back up with effort, her crooked figure emerging out of her mound of robes like a __. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Every mind is bound by the power of the word,\u8221\'94 she said fervently. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Duty. Honor. Oath.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  These words bind you to this place as readily as Solraheen was bound by the repetition of His name. If you had heard the words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the time for stories,\u8221\'94 Pyetle muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you had heard His name shattered a hundred fold, each note entering on the finger, each new voice swelling the chord until the wash of noise did shake the earth\u8230\'85such was the echo that one and twenty blossomed into twelve and thousands!\u8221\'94 Elrahet lifted her eyes from the shadow of her cowl and for a moment Mandri saw a younger face beneath her wrinkling years. \u8220\'93It did subdue Him,\u8221\'94 she asserted. \u8220\'93For an age, it stilled His being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I suppose,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said with a sneer, \u8220\'93That there was a witch involved, warning everyone against this course of action?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Elrahet\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  gnarled hands trembled on her cane. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The choir was strong!\u8221\'94 An unsteady frown tugged at the edge of her lips. \u8220\'93Then Schisol\u8217\'92s yearning seeped into their mouths\u8230\'85they were all of them inviscerated with gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t quite follow,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nor should you!\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped. \u8220\'93We should leave this place! It is foolish to stay without the aid of godfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle appeared to appreciate Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerity, but in the end he smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your insistence that I should leave only deepens my resolve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He then looked to his men. Apprehension and confusion crossed their faces. But he said nothing. His stillness was enough to move them. They gathered into their squares, squeezing shoulder to shoulder, brushing animal bones aside with their shuffling feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slate!\u8221\'94 Pyetle called, and the only Hrk in the room not wearing a headscarf stepped forward. This man, named Slate, was flat-faced with wide-set eyes and a bald, gleaming pate, presumably his namesake. His name could have also been derived from his flat expression. He did not appear to be a thinking man. He even moved like rolling stone, squat and bouncy, tossed by Pyetle\u8217\'92s whim. More than this, Mandri was struck by the sense that Slate\u8217\'92s blocky head could not, even in principle, be painted. His chin looked strong from from the front but was rather steep and weak from the side, while his nose was practically a wall from the front, but barely there from any other angle. With a skull so wide and flat, no two-dimensional account of him could be made. It gave him the impression of having been sculpted by a middling hand who refused to use a reference model. Young scribblers were often stubborn in that way. It was the kind of mind which needed humbling. Like Pyetle\u8217\'92s. Indeed, sculpting a man like Slate would be only a small display of hubris compared to Pyetle\u8217\'92s current endeavor, which was picking and choosing which of his men would die. Slate, his apparent second in command, was to help him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle claimed they were choosing who to send to hunt down Ayram, but Mandri knew this was only a pretext\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those sent out of the temple would be spared from certain death. Everyone else would venture deeper into this prison, down to its stomach perhaps, likely never to return. Blank wanted to cull the cowardly men from their adventuring party\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he pointed out the shifters, the fidgeters, the men too eager for eye contact. Curiosity, as well, was a sign of weakness. A dominant man has no need of curiosity as he knows where he stood relative to his environment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle waved all these suggestions away. He opted to release the men with families, as well as the men who were nearing the end of their contracts. These men were gathered and dismissed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once they were out into the settling night, Pyetle kicked up a strut in front his twenty-odd remaining men. His pace was building up to a speech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen put you here,\u8221\'94 he said proudly, pointing to the golden mask at the back of the room. \u8220\'93He guided you, all through your long life, so that you would be standing here. Here and now. He guided each one of you to this very challenge.\u8221\'94 He paused to let the weight of this obligation settle on proud shoulders. \u8220\'93You are not unlucky to be here,\u8221\'94 he continued. \u8220\'93Get rid of that feeling. You are lucky. Remember that very few get to meet evil with the clarity that you do now. How will you respond? Will you charge into this dark and kill whatever festers there? I will. Are you willing to die? I am. I will die with the luxury of knowing exactly what I\u8217\'92ll say to Solraheen when I meet Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What will you say?\u8221\'94 Slate asked with excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll say send me back, so that I can finish the job!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate encouraged a hurrah to percolate through through the ranks, and Pyetle swept this mild feeling up by drawing his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of your name being nailed to the head of a demon as children parade it down the Whiteway!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of the women!\u8221\'94 Blank shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The meaty women!\u8221\'94 Pyetle repeated to a swell of heartier cheers. And with their courage half-gathered, Pyetle marched into a dark passage that was barely there in the distant end of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was forced to trudge along. He did not share in the Hrks excited visions of the afterlife. It was almost like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d all completely forgotten that they\u8217\'92d just seen a Spark dissolve into dust.}}