{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you had to build a road in a rainy place, how would you build it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I want you to think about it. How would you build a road to last so that it doesn\u8217\'92t wash away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never thought about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, but I\u8217\'92m asking you to think about it now, so answer my question. If you had to build a road in a rainy place, how would you build it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you everything you need to know to be able to see the road, so look for the road.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you care whether or not I look for a road?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to voice his opinion, though. Instead he furrowed his brow, looked at nothing in particular, scratched his chin and took as much pleasure as he could in the anticipation building in Moto\u8217\'92s stare before finally shrugging and saying, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tall Zosan recoiled in shock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been out here before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been everywhere where there\u8217\'92s people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing out here in the wilderness if you\u8217\'92ve got no experience with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You tell me. You guys are the ones who raised me from the dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before that. We found you found you dead in a ravine in the Junei. How did that come to happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather not talk about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like for you to talk about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s unfortunate, because you\u8217\'92re going to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You going to make me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not a Mazid, kid. I can make you do what I want. I want an answer. What were you doing dead in that ravine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THWACK}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it coming. He was looking right at the man, but didn\u8217\'92t see it coming. Moto was shaking the sting out of his fingers by the time Mandri realized his jaw felt like a wallop. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An arresting threat in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes rooted Mandri to the spot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t belong out here Mandri. You\u8217\'92re gonna need adjustment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What a word to use, adjustment. Moto could have said one of twenty words that mean roughly the same thing, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He could have told Mandri that he \u8216\'91needed improvement\u8217\'92, and likely the two would have gone on to trade insults all the way to Minting Rock. The slap, all that did was sting. The sound of the word adjustment whistling out from under Moto\u8217\'92s pampered, well that ripped the lining right out of Mandri\u8217\'92s mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Funny how a word could do that, revert a budding man into a child - not even a child, in that moment Mandri was a sense organ, a bundle of light and sound and confusion incapable of comprehending what it was and what was happening to it.  And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the word that did all this, it was the lifetime of indignities that had glommed onto it, a veritable wrecking ball, one his father had been forging for years, ever since the first time he\u8217\'92d caught Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist and told him to stop acting like a fag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All this, it was a hindrance to living. So, for the second time in as many weeks, Mandri decided to simply stop. He unshouldered his pack, let it hit the ground with a thud, and marched off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto, ignorant of the explosion he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just caused, saw saw only disrespect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t walk away from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask a question first?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need to give you a reason, now answer my question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t we have a normal conversation? You ask a question, then I ask a question. Talk about the weather. Why you got to be all, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92m in charge here, I do the asking\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Moto stops walking. Folds his arm. Looks Mandri up and down like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seeing a djinn. Mandri felt compelled to stop walking too, like he was tethered to mandri\u8217\'92s stare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, there\u8217\'92s is no place in Ayram\u8217\'92s graces for a scrawny boy who won\u8217\'92t do what he\u8217\'92s asked. I do what Ayram asks me to do. Ayram asks me to find out what you were up to in that ravine, so I am here trying to find out. So you tell me that, and we can get along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If a Mazid couldn\u8217\'92t make a deal, what chance you think you have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you carry this sack for me, I\u8217\'92ll tell you anything you want to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shifted his weight forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get the sense that you haven\u8217\'92t quite grasped the situation here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s why I want to ask some questions, but you won\u8217\'92t let me. I don\u8217\'92t even know where I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you are is at the end of my patience, and if you need to ask a couple questions to figure that out then you aren\u8217\'92t going to last long out here. We left the last boy who got lippy half buried in a mudpan down in Kokuma.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand flicked up then slapped the impertinence out of Mandri\u8217\'92s cheek.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Careful where you step, Mandri. Don\u8217\'92t step over a rock that big or you\u8217\'92ll end up with fangs in your ankle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even looking at the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto put his hand on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. Mandri shrugged it off. There was an energy in his body that Moto felt, and that was something Moto recognized. Electric twitch of an animal, or a man, ready to fight for it\u8217\'92s life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be yourself,\u8221\'94 they say. Never mind that identity is defined by difference, that a person is outlined not by skin but by the relationship to other people. They pretend all that isn\u8217\'92t true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little bit about pain poking through that frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. I\u8217\'92ll tell you what you want to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t started yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just go away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What part of anything I\u8217\'92ve said suggests that I\u8217\'92m going to do that? Why even ask? Think, Mandri, think. Tell me who killed you and why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said I\u8217\'92ll tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you at least get Chopper\u8217\'92s breath out my face?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chopper, give him some space.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper backs off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So who killed you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I killed me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The look of complete disbelief on Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the truth. I killed myself. I went out into the Junei because I wanted to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you killed yourself, then where was the blade?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I threw it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You stabbed yourself in the chest, pierced your heart, and then you threw the blade away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto look at mandri like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen him for the first time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d you do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I need a reason?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Were you running from someone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one in particular.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hell does that mean? You have debts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Look, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. I told you what you want to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have done no such thing. I want to know who the hell you are. I want to know precisely why you were out there in the Junei, and I want to know what brought you to kill yourself - if that is indeed what happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Mandrameen. I was in the Junei because I wanted to die, and I wanted to die because...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri fought it impossible to say out loud. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be no point. Communication.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take him to lizard pit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throws him in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a problem. There\u8217\'92s no room in the Ayramun for people who can\u8217\'92t defend themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fine. I don\u8217\'92t want to be in the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More scared of you than you are of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chop?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Give him a sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like fuck you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck you!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shake}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AH shit. Chopper- }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chopper jumps in, chops up the lizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opens up the lizard jaw off the wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri screams.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto picks Mandri up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here, chew on this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ah shit. Tried to warn ya.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trust a man who hasn\u8217\'92t thought of killing himself. Shows he\u8217\'92s sane.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You gotta move fast - but do it slowly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What!?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let it sense your fear. They get riled up if they do.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  unlike the highways which keep to the river banks or hop between oases, these roads cut through the vast expanses of the Sand, and that means exposure to the sun, the wind, and the heat - it is certain death if a pilgrim goes unprepared. The longer the road the deadlier it all is, though that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s only a rule of thumb because the worst Charnel Road, the Bazul Road, is one of the shortest. It sits just north of the Uncharted Portion and it runs up and over the crest of a low-lying range of hills. An eon of blasting sand had reduced those once proud mountains to a dump of gravel, and it does much the same to pilgrims who dare to make the scramble.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It only takes a full day to make the Bazul Road if you start at the nearest Hrkan outpost at Shahiz, but the Bazul road is a shadeless world of chalky gravel, white as bone, so the sunlight doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t disappear into the ground, it gets thrown right back up into the face. A pilgrim can\u8217\'92t even hide in her own shadow. She gets baked from below as much as from above.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}