{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One religion is True and the rest are False. This categorization satisfies most, but some people aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t content with a simple dichotomy so they continue to divide the world\u8217\'92s religions through a rigorous analysis of the similarities and differences of belief and behavior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solitants come specially prepared for battle in this arena. When they proselytize to the fractured, they open with the observation that every religion in existence turns on a story that explains the origin of suffering. The Supine Cult believes that there are two gods, one good, one bad, and all suffering comes from the latter. The Bavainu believe that suffering is a result of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own evil acts, or one\u8217\'92s ancestors. The Shell Kings believe that suffering is a symptom of Shellkhashar, which is a kind of spiritual, transmittable disease which dulls virtuous instinct. There are a hundred more religions, each with a hundred variations, and in every instance, the story of suffering\u8217\'92s arrival is accompanied by a solution for it. The Supine Cult entreats their followers to lay down and pray their energy into the sky to make it stronger, for that is where the righteous god dwells. The Bavainu say that if one lives rightly and follows their ancient law, their life will be a happy one. The Shell Kings recommend drinking the blood of a willing virgin mixed with a mind melting toxin found in a sea snail\u8217\'92s shell. Every religion has its own solution to suffering. That\u8217\'92s a category\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 religions peddling relief\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and all religions belong to it, all of them except for Solitantism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Solitants offer no solution to life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s troubles. "We\u8217\'92re the only ones who believe that suffering is not something to fear," a Solitant priest will say. "Suffering is what this is all about!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He or she then smiles, and the smile accentuates the self-inflicted scar on their cheek which marks the rite of initiation into Solitant orders. Those Solitants who have delved deep into the mysteries smile underneath a mask of scars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Life }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  suffering", they say. "Try to suffer without suffering." They laugh because it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make sense. Truly, the Divine Spark is like a block of sculptor's stone. It is clean, abstract, inert, featureless\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and then comes the sculptor's chisel. As the chisel carves away at the stone to find the statue, so too does pain carve away at the Spark to find the person. What troubles our fleshy vessels is what makes us who we are. In this way, Solitants are artists of the Self and their chisel is pain. Solraheen guides the hammer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Typical Hrkan speech has only the one word for pain. If a person says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am in pain,\u8221\'94 there\u8217\'92s no way to know, precisely, what they mean. Did this person stub their toe, or did a loved one die? Have their bowels been blocked for days? The word \u8216\'91pain\u8217\'92 can be accompanied by all manner of adjectives and intensifiers, but the fact remains that states of being which are not at all alike are using the same word. Even Old Jandri has separate monosyllables for physical, and then mental, pain. The words \u8216\'91anguish\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91ache\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91soreness\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91irritation\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91misery\u8217\'92 all approach different things, but they\u8217\'92re not nearly enough to cover the spectrum. In casual use they\u8217\'92re ill-defined notions, substitutable, a fuzzy cloud orbiting pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Solitant goes as far as to claim that the very structure of Hrkan speech stunts the growth of pain appreciation, as the mind cannot develop a sensitivity to certain flavors of agony if the world is divided into subject, verb, and object. Such a structure separates the Self from the action, and in so doing, grand vistas of becoming remain hidden from sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The keyturn comes after reflecting on the sentence, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I hurt myself.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hurt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Myself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Notice how language has smuggled in a narrative. It has conjured out of nothing an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I\u8217\'92 from before and a \u8216\'91myself\u8217\'92 after the act of hurt. It has split the Self in two, which is impossible. It has reduced \u8216\'91hurt\u8217\'92 to simple phase transition. Solitants find this framing limiting, and so they invented a tenseless, subjectless language revolving around pain and its effects. Outside looking in, this language is more of a catalog of rasping utterances than a functional language, but Solitants claim it has utility nonetheless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was perfectly fine with the phrase \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I hurt myself\u8217\'92. Hurting himself was the primary means he\u8217\'92d acquired hurt. He suspected that it was the same for everyone else. There was no need to deconstruct something so universal. There definitely wasn\u8217\'92t any point in creating a whole new language to discover the subtleties of pain, because pain was best expressed through the natural language of gesture, as Solraheen intended. In breadth of expression, the face is far, far superior to words. Of what use is a fuzzy word when one can see the pain written on the face clear as day?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Observe the eye and brow of a person in pain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is there languor, lethargy, an imploring look for help? Impatience, anxiety? Is the skin knit tight, is it smooth, is it beaded with sweat? Is the eye\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lid puffy or hollow? Are the cheeks wet or dry, dark or pale, sallowing brown, or purple, or yellow? Then there\u8217\'92s the body. All the little tremors of the body eventually work themselves up into the face. The lower back knots up, the shoulders spasm, the neck curls, and finally the lips draw tight and the teeth gnash. A trained eye can look at another in pain and know, without words, the entirety of their inner world. The holy language of the Solitants is redundant, and no argument could convince Mandri otherwise, that is, until a demon bit his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pain woke him from his fainting spell, a pain so intense that the slightest pressure elicited a scream. The skin around the already clotted wound was taut and throbbing, a drumhead reverberating pain. Moto tried to make him walk, but that was impossible, so Moto carried him. Chopper tossed Mandri atop Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack, and with each step that the man took, Mandri\u8217\'92s raw wound chafed against a shoulder, sending a fresh wave of excruciating pain into his groin and hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fainted again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He woke up the next day when Moto leaned back and dropped him from a height like a camel dropping dung. Mandri landed hard on his wounded thigh and he let loose a gargled curse. He tried to find some twist of hip and spine that could give relief, and these contortions ended with him lying all the way back and shifting most of his weight onto his right ass cheek. Here, Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reeling mind found the space to understand that he was still alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could breathe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was not dead. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Damn it all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through the chewed-up hole in his robe he could see that his affected left thigh had been poulticed and bandaged, though it was poorly done, even by his severed-hand standards. The brown woolen wraps were ragged and splitting apart. A few sturdy threads were all that was holding the mass of spongy, mud-dusted weeds together. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked up and saw that the reason Moto dropped him was because they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d arrived at some accursed destination\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an enormous black rock sitting in the middle of a flat and barren sandy landscape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was astonished by the sight of it. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just any big rock, it was a single, smooth, uncracked rock. Rocks that big in the Sand tend to look like old, slumping things that have been half-melted by the sun, but this rock, this biggest of all boulders, was a healthy, upright egg. So unnatural and precarious was its position that it seemed a strong blast of wind should be able to pick the whole thing up and send it rolling along the desert floor. Mandri felt that if he stood next to it and gave a hearty push, he could get it rolling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sitting as it was in an empty desert landscape, with no other rocky eminence in sight, well, that made it seem like the rock had been deliberately placed there by the hand of Solraheen. Surely, it was a holy site.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was stooped over a big pile of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haulings some yards away. There were only two other Ayramun present, two dour looking men who milled about that pack heap. Moto unstrapped his own pack and tossed it on top of the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you two doing?\u8221\'94 he demanded of the two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We been looking for you,\u8221\'94 said one of them, a Zosan whose only distinguishing feature was a polished brass hoop wrapped tight around his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks to me like you've been doing nothing,\u8221\'94 Moto replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We got told to look for you, and here we are, lookin right at you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto nodded towards Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, now you can look at him. Make sure he doesn\u8217\'92t go and do something stupid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we take you to Ayram, as we been ordered to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto looked back at Mandri, who wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going anywhere. He then shrugged and said, \u8220\'93Lead on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The three men walked off towards the giant black rock. They walked around it, and then disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t concerned about being left behind. He was busy twisting himself around to try and undo the searing knot of pain that throbbed inside his thigh and hip. He did finally find some meager relief by sticking his hand under his right ass cheek and leaning on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He decided that he well and truly hated Moto. This was more than the flippant hate he doled out to everyone and no one in particular. He tried to recall the words to an Old Jandri curse that could kill a callous man like Moto, but the pain in his leg was a powerful amnestic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He set about preparing the ground around him so that he could more comfortably wallow in it. Eventually, he decided to shimmy over to the pile of packs so that he could use it as a prop, and as soon as he did, something on the other side of the pile groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dragged himself closer to get a better look. He was careful not to disrupt the tenuous peace he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d negotiated between himself and the wound in his thigh. As soon as the pain flared up he stopped moving altogether. He nestled up against the pile and settled his elbow into a bag of grain. He let his hip sink gently into an inside-out goat bladder stuffed with who knows what. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The groan he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard came from a lump of dusty black rags that sat a few yards away from the pile. They were Mazidobo\u8217\'92s rags, and the lump they covered was the right size for a legless Mazid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt around for something to poke Obo with. His searching fingers settled on an empty waterskin. He threw it at Obo, and the limp waterskin flapped harmlessly into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re there,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He waited, but no response came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dug around in the pile for something else to throw. He was so tickled by all the little outland trinkets, stone beads and thumbstick idols of gods he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know, that he almost didn\u8217\'92t register the dull, snapping crack of bone as Obo\u8217\'92s black rags twitched then went silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You okay?\u8221\'94 he asked the rags, but again, there was no answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pulled a tight ball of twine out of the pile. He tossed it underhand, and when it landed on that pile of rags they sighed. Another crack of bone sounded out, and the rags twitched again, but this time Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jerking loosed a strap of robe to reveal his pale shoulder. Mandri watched, half in terror, half in curiosity as Obo\u8217\'92s pale and hairless head emerged from that mass of tattered robes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo suddenly sat up, and his robes fell away to reveal a scrawny, bruised, and broken body. Mandri had seen awful sights, but watching this pale Mazid fix a dislocated rib was something else entirely. And judging by the sorry state of his robes, and the bloody abrasions splotching his shoulders, he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been carried through the desert like Mandri, he\u8217\'92d been dragged along its floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite all the abuse, Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood was ordinary. He stretched his arms and what was left of his legs as if he were a cat waking up from a nap. He even twisted around to draw out the kinks of his spine, and this stretch popped every one of his vertebrae in rapid succession, causing Mandri\u8217\'92s own spine to stiffen in sympathetic fright, a sudden jerk that unleashed a fresh wave of torture radiating out of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smiled like a beerbat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you smiling at?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy to have some company that doesn\u8217\'92t want to ruin me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo took up his robes in his mouth and scooted himself closer to the pile of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s packs, and as he leaned himself up against them, he caught Mandri staring at his stumped legs, which had been stuck into canvas sacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo spat out his robe and covered himself up as if it were a blanket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should save that anxious look for yourself,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I smell death on you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his missing hand and his poorly poulticed leg. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I made it through the worst of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t look that way to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last night I could hardly breathe, but now I can breathe just fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was bit by a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said you wouldn\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure it wasn\u8217\'92t some strange species of lizard?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure. It was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you first saw me, you thought I was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This was different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As may be, but I think it\u8217\'92s worth appreciating that there is always a distinction between what you see, and your interpretation of what you see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced hard as the pain in his leg reared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should let me look at the wound,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I may be able to do something for the pain. I won\u8217\'92t know for sure unless I see it first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calm and generally amicable demeanor, there was no getting past the fact that Obo looked like a creature who wriggled around in caves. The absence of eyebrows, those signposts of the Spark, made it impossible to ascertain the intentions hidden behind his shine-silver eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the pain in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg was stupid, and Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t think of many things worse than something stupid that refuses to go away, so he huffed and puffed and rolled himself over to where Obo sat. Once he made himself as comfortable as he could be, he scrunched up the hem of his robe to reveal the bite, and that\u8217\'92s when fear took hold of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The many veins in his inner thigh ran black as ink, and nearer to the loose poultice above his knee, those black veins were bulging above his skin like nightworms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gingerly unwrapped the long strip of wool that held the poultice in place. The various weedy leaves and lichens that composed the meat were too dried out to be doing any good, and he was able to flick most of it into his open palm easily enough, but the rest he had to pluck, for the pulped leaf stems closer to the flesh were caked in a gooey dark-brown emulsion of infected blood and poultice paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try to clean it up,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think I\u8217\'92m doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri kept picking until all that was left was the terrifying sight of a day-old demon bite. The edges of this fang-scalloped wound were festering and black, and this jagged ring of necrotic flesh enclosed a puddle of that brown emulsion, which had, in parts, been scraped away to reveal the red-raw muscle of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Opening the wound to the air reinvigorated the pain. Still, it looked worse than it felt. What really got Mandri worried was how his inky black veins spidered up his thigh and in towards his crotch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see the full extent of it\u8221\'94, Obo said as he leaned over the affected area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I don\u8217\'92t want to know what my uglies look like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does your chest feel?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just hurry up and do what you\u8217\'92re gonna do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo studied the wound with an impassive gaze, eyes darting from detail to detail, as if he were a dealer appraising a painting, and the particular texture and color of the budding scab could help him determine authenticity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo pulled back and said flatly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the strangest bite wound I\u8217\'92ve ever seen. I\u8217\'92m half inclined to believe your story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you could help with the pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell me you lied.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazid never lies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bullshit, I bet you lie all the time.\u8221\'94 Mandri slapped the weedy poultice back onto his wound, and he did his best to re-roll that ragged strip of wool around it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what this place is?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, nodding towards the giant black rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I overheard one of our captors call it Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wonder why it\u8217\'92s called that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The name suggests it\u8217\'92s a place for these bandits to mint counterfeit coins away from prying eyes. But I\u8217\'92ve seen such places before, and this one is different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most illegal mints are hidden near a natural spring. There is no spring here, so far as I can tell. And this rock, it\u8217\'92s too conspicuous to be a mere bandit\u8217\'92s den. It possesses a numinous beauty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it were blacker, I\u8217\'92d call it a boulder of Fabled Black.\u8221\'94 Mandri dabbed his finger against the black veins running up his thigh. That was a mistake, for the pain it kicked up was severe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo ignored his wincing and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would say it\u8217\'92s a holy site, but these Ayramun are too crude for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Especially Moto,\u8221\'94 Mandri hissed between breaths of pain. \u8220\'93The man is an ass. The man is a donkey wearing human skin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My admittedly limited impression of him was that he was one of the smarter ones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sighed and tried to distract himself by stealing a small bag of spicy jerked beef from the mound of things. He popped one of these slips of meat into his mouth, and he tucked it into his cheek to let its flavors fix him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto\u8217\'92s not smart,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Speaks well enough, but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean anything. He\u8217\'92s as dumb as the rest of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not so bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re wrong. They\u8217\'92re cruel. Look at what they\u8217\'92ve done to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 said Obo, wiggling his stumps under his rags. \u8220\'93I think that Ayram was right to do what he did, from his point of view.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was waiting for a sarcastic wink but it never came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He chopped off your legs,\u8221\'94 Mandri said bitterly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m thankful he showed such restraint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still no wink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri chewed the jerky because he would scream from the pain in his leg if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll never be able to walk again,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should I be angry about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! You should! I\u8217\'92m angry }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 for}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  you. I tell you what, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll hate the Ayramun for the both of us. They deserve it for what they\u8217\'92ve done to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought a demon did that to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that ass Moto didn\u8217\'92t tie me up and throw me into a lizard pit, I never would have been bit. He\u8217\'92s half-demon himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be worse. If you\u8217\'92d been caught up by Kalemites, you\u8217\'92d have been eaten, and the one to consume your stomach would today be wearing your sacrum strapped onto his forehead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would have preferred that,\u8221\'94 Mandri said with a wry grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 said Obo, dryly. \u8220\'93But the pain will pass, one way or another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri disagreed, but kept it to himself. He stole another slip of beef and tucked the rest back where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found it. He set the beef on top of his tongue, and he savored the unfamiliar blend of spices. Some strange pepper in it, and a heap of salt. He was getting thirsty now. He\u8217\'92d like some water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, why don\u8217\'92t you hate me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The question caught Mandri off-guard and he nearly swallowed his slip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Every Minder I\u8217\'92ve ever had has hated me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who says I don\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well you\u8217\'92re wrong about that too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t lie to me about this, because I literally feel your moods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri licked his fingers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well if you really want, I could hate you a little bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I was hoping we could be friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri laughed, but Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was serious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93A little hatred won\u8217\'92t get in the way of a good friendship. Friendship doesn\u8217\'92t actually require us to like each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was under the impression that it did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought the purpose of friendship was to make life less miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s one way of putting it,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as reoriented his hip to soothe a pang of pain in his thigh. \u8220\'93Put another way, friendship is something people do to pass the time. We don\u8217\'92t actually need to like each other to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see,\u8221\'94 said Obo, disappointed. \u8220\'93I would disagree, but I can\u8217\'92t challenge your own experiences with my own as I have none to share.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was such a sad way of stating loneliness, that Mandri actually felt a little bad for the Mazid. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks treat you like a slave, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say we Mazydai are treated worse than slaves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, believe me, friendship\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  friendship like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re thinking of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it doesn\u8217\'92t exist. Like if it\u8217\'92s too much trouble for me to help you out, I won\u8217\'92t. Don\u8217\'92t look so glum, it goes both ways. We can call it something else. Acquaintances is a word we could use.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t answer my original question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. What was it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you hate me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, I never made a conscious decision about it. Maybe I do hate you. I don\u8217\'92t know. I will eventually. Two people get to know each other well enough, and they start to hate each other\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92ve seen it play out a thousand times.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you think that I\u8217\'92m a person that you can get to know, then you\u8217\'92re already the nicest person I\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Obo, you\u8217\'92re laying it on way too thick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo tried to look confused, but without eyebrows he just looked constipated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that mean, \u8216\'91laying it on thick\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might be able to fool these outland pokes, but I\u8217\'92m a different breed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I still don\u8217\'92t know what you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you obviously don\u8217\'92t feel pain. You don\u8217\'92t seem to feel anger, and I very much doubt you feel compassion. You said you want your freedom, and you had your legs chopped off to stop you from ever trying to run away. I\u8217\'92m not dumb, Obo, you\u8217\'92re not talking to me right now because you want a friend. What you want is a pair of legs to help you run away. You can\u8217\'92t exactly go running off into the Sand, but I can. And I\u8217\'92m your Minder\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who better for it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can run on that leg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no. But I\u8217\'92m not wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must be the most skeptical creature that ever breathed a thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are. I do feel compassion. You only suspect I don\u8217\'92t because I can guard my emotions. I can choose whether or not to express them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you were capable of compassion, I wouldn\u8217\'92t have seen a Mazid kill a hundred-score in a heartbeat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The massacre of Gudrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gudrk was two hundred years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw it in a painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 said Obo, scoffing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But am I wrong? You say you never lie, so answer me that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong about what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That the only reason you\u8217\'92re talking to me is because you want to use me for whatever escape you\u8217\'92re scheming up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo paused to consider his words carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a simple yes or no,\u8221\'94 Mandri nudged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo tilted his head back and forth as if to weigh some heavy decision. He finally muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How should I say this...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By saying yes, or no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am talking to you because I wish to explore the potential of our relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no plans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is a lie.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no plans }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 yet,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Obo with a mischievous grin. \u8220\'93First I have to discover what that giant wants with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it obvious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He said he wants you to kill a great demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I very much doubt there is some unheard of demon king hiding out in the Sand. If there is, and a Mazid could kill it, then Hrk could deal with the problem as easily as Ayram. The Lords hatch a new Mazid every other year. Ayram\u8217\'92s quest, as stated, is unnecessary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So then what does he want, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The obvious answer is that he wants what every other outland man and woman wants, and that\u8217\'92s to destroy the Hrkan world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t seem possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It isn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why involve me? Why didn\u8217\'92t Ayram make himself Minder?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suspect he didn\u8217\'92t want to lose his hand. I also suspect he wants to outlive the year. Minders don\u8217\'92t live very long once they\u8217\'92re bonded.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t know? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once bonded to a Mazid, a Minder\u8217\'92s life can be measured in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention shifted towards Minting Rock. Mandri followed his alarmed gaze, and saw nothing, only the rock itself. But Obo could hear things, and perhaps see things that nobody else could. Mandri tried to discern if the news was good or bad by studying Obo\u8217\'92s face as the Mazid strained his preternatural senses, but his eye barely twitched. Obo gave nothing away unless he wanted to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The stage is set,\u8221\'94 Obo finally said. \u8220\'93We will have to hold this discussion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo stuffed the hem of his tattered robe into his mouth and stump-shuffled back to the spot where he lay before. He plopped down flat and covered himself back up with his black tatters so that it looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never moved at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gave Mandi one last whisper, and the breath of his voice fluffed the folds covering his mouth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pretend that we never spoke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I gathered that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then there came a loud, finger-mouth whistle from the direction of Minting Rock, bright as a bright-beak\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s call. A heartbeat later, and people began to tumble out from around Minting Rock\u8217\'92s belly. First one, then three, then seven of them, and last came Ayram. Each in turn took off jogging towards Mandri and the pile of dumped goods. They looked like they were fleeing before a marauding giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first to reach him was the short, boorish man named Hill. Hill pushed Mandri over, casually ignoring Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s agonized hoot. He picked up the pack that Mandri had been laying against, and he gave Mandri the most disapproving look as he trotted back towards Minting Rock. The rest did much the same. Ayram was the only one to stay. He stood right over Mandri and his great big head and round loaf beard blotted out the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such was the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s size that Mandri felt humbled, and humbling Mandri was no easy feat. No matter how intelligent or beautiful someone seemed, it could never erase the fact that they were only human\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 impulsive and excitable. Self-interested. Mandri, buried in Ayram\u8217\'92s shadow, looked up and saw all the familiar features of a man but did not match the pattern as a person. Ayram was greater, somehow more solid, a reference point for being, like an old tree or a father in the eyes of a son.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted. \u8220\'93Get over here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was one of the Ayramun who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been scrambling around, hauling all those packs towards Minting Rock. He was hugging a bulging sack of sand-dried vegetables when he heard Ayram shout his name. He immediately dropped the sack and jogged over to see what the fuss was about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was pleased to see that his thigh had left a swipe-stain of his own blood on the shoulder of Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s otherwise speckless garb. A small victory, but a victory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain,\u8221\'94 Ayram said as he pointed to Mandri\u8217\'92s leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s as I said. The boy got bit by a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the thigh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was trying to run away from me and he jumped into a lizard pit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I didn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Mandri countered, his own voice sounding whiny even to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain why this boy was running away from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shrugged his shoulders and shook his head as if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the faintest idea. Ayram glared at the man, clearly expecting an answer, so Moto cooked up some bullshit about Mandri trying to escape. His whole body got involved as he told his false story. Mandri was familiar with the technique. All that gesticulating, it wasn\u8217\'92t really about selling the lie, it was about Moto letting Ayram know that he was going to cause a fuss if he was called out on the lie, and if Ayram thought that fuss would be more trouble then the whole thing was worth, Moto might just get away with it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto finished by extending his arms all the way out to the sky and declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy\u8217\'92s an idiot! He doesn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 think}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got a dull Spark. You should have seen it, the demon was chewing on his leg and he didn\u8217\'92t even try to fight the thing off. Chopper had to jump in and save him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak out of turn so he was forced to resort to an incredulous gasp, and with each word that Moto spoke, Mandrameen\u8217\'92s face scrunched up tighter and tighter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he made every effort short of squealing to let Ayram know that Moto was lying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t do what I told you to do,\u8221\'94 Ayram finally said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could I?\u8221\'94 Moto griped. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92d take twelve virgins to liven this one up! The boy has no will to live.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take the Mazid,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto walked slowly and deliberately to where Obo lay, picked him up, tucked him under the arm, and then took off towards Minting Rock, sending back a threatening glare for Mandri before he left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Ayram tapped out his frustration against his elbows as he stared at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was an ill omen, finding you dead in the hills. It took my witch a whole hand to convince me that your Spark was worth rekindling. When a man is brought back from the dead, sometimes, he comes back changed, corrupted\u8230\'85agents of Shis. Is that what you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mention of Shis triggered in Mandri the memory of Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hidden basement. He tried to block all thoughts of that black painting out of his mind because he felt that Ayram\u8217\'92s wild eyes were reading his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you walk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri rolled onto his stomach and pushed himself up onto his good knee, and from there, he stood up. His bad leg was as stiff as a board, though he was determined to walk on his own for he knew it would not go well for him if he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t carry his own weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a step and shuddered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I can walk, but I might be able to hobble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make your way into the rock.\u8221\'94 He reached down and grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s left arm, and his gigantic fingers encircled the bicep a whole half over. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you try to walk. An evil man would make himself a burden.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With Mandri steadied, Ayram let go,  and moved to retrieve the last items from the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pile. Then set off stomping back towards Minting Rock, leaving Mandri and the desert to themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hopped a few steps, but his left leg still couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear even the slightest weight. It felt like his thigh bone had splintered, and every shuffling hop sent white shards of bone stabbing into the meat of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But it was not a great distance, so he soldiered on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As he went he thought of the Solitants and their sacred tortures. He wondered if they had a word for the particular arc of sensations that a demon bite inflicts. He wondered what this pain would do to him, what kind of man it would make him if he toughed it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked out over the empty Sand and recalled a heretical painting titled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Oneness with the Divine\u8217\'92. It depicted a flayed Solitant lying on a rack, his skin completely unwrapped from his body, his bare anatomy exposed to the haze of incense floating around a dark room. This mortification was a ritual performed by only the most schismatic of adherents, men and women who did not want to craft the Self, but tried instead to destroy it. This particular ritual was an attempt to confront the Self with the truth that there was no edge between it and the rest of reality. The logic was as crude as the operation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 removing the skin removes the Self\u8217\'92s final boundary. There is nothing left to contain it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But no doubt the ecstasy depicted in that Solitant's face was put there by the artist. It was not possible that a person could remain conscious through such an ordeal. And Mandri refused to accept that a ritual flensing could lead a person to righteousness. What kind of world would he be living in if that were true? Such a place could only be called Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He made it into the shadow of Minting Rock and pressed his hand against the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cold belly. He pushed as hard as he could. He didn\u8217\'92t expect to be able to push it over, but he had to satisfy his curiosity. It really did seem that if he stood there long enough, a strong wind would blow and the rock would roll over and squish him like a bug. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut into the earth at the base of the rock a hole that looked far too much like a giant drag-belly den. As there was no other way but down, he hitched on. This dark and cramped tunnel soon led him into a dead end of undressed stone stacked haphazardly like an old goatherd's fence. Above him, high up, was a circle of daylight. It seemed as if he were at the bottom of a dried-up well that had been carved all the way through the core of Minting Rock itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From above, a voice shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab the rope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fumbled about in the darkness and his hand stumbled upon a rope. He took several deep breaths to battle the pain, then he held on tight as he was hauled up into the stomach of Minting Rock.}}